Page 4:
PART I
Item 1. Business
General
Papa John’s International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (referred to as the “Company,” “Papa John’s,” “Papa Johns” or in 
the first person notations of “we,” “us” and “our”), operates and franchises pizza delivery and carryout restaurants and, in 
certain international markets, dine-in and delivery restaurants under the trademark “Papa Johns.” Papa John’s began 
operations in 1984. At December 31, 2023, there were 5,906 Papa John’s restaurants in operation, consisting of 648 
Company-owned and 5,258 franchised restaurants operating in 50 countries and territories. Our Company-owned 
restaurants include 98 restaurants operated under three joint venture arrangements. In discussions of our business, 
“Domestic” is defined as within the contiguous United States, “North America” includes Canada, and “International” 
includes the rest of the world other than North America.
Strategy
We are committed to delivering on our brand promise “BETTER INGREDIENTS. BETTER PIZZA.®” and a business 
strategy designed to drive sustainable long-term, profitable growth. Papa John’s is driven by five strategic priorities: 
Build a culture of leaders who believe in diversity, inclusivity and winning. A diverse, inclusive environment is essential 
to attracting the talent that makes Papa Johns the world’s best pizza delivery company. See the “Human Capital” section 
below where we discuss our ongoing initiatives in this area.
Re-establish the superiority of our pizza via commercial platforms. We believe that using high quality ingredients leads to 
superior quality pizzas. Our original crust pizza dough is made from six simple ingredients and is fresh, never frozen. We 
also top our pizzas with our signature pizza sauce made with vine-ripened tomatoes, real cheese and meat full of flavor, not 
filler. Our marketing and menu strategies focus on craveable products that provide both value and variety to our customers, 
drive sales and importantly, do not add significant complexity to our restaurant operations or to supply chain needs. We 
continue to make purposeful additions to our menu, ensuring these additions are well-timed for our growth, without 
sacrificing our premium quality. This deliberate strategy focuses on innovation that adds value to our system rather than 
short-term discounts, contributing to more productive ticket growth and, most importantly, higher customer satisfaction. 
We believe in the importance of providing options that appeal to our customers’ diverse dietary needs and preferences, and 
our nutritionists and food innovation teams are continuously looking for ways to reflect this in our menu. Our product 
innovations form the foundation of our strategy for growing comparable sales and improving unit economics. 
Improve unit-level profitability and performance of our Company and franchisee restaurants. We continue to take 
proactive steps to drive profitable growth through targeted strategies. This includes growing ticket and transactions through 
menu innovations, customer insights, media efficiency, strategic pricing actions and development incentives. In addition to 
increasing average unit volumes, our strategy focuses on further sharpening our execution and driving BETTER customer 
experience for faster service while optimizing labor allocation, enhancing operational efficiencies and effectively managing 
margins. 
We continue to look for ways to incent growth and improve restaurant margins. Beginning in 2024, we will increase the 
fixed operating margin that our Domestic commissaries charge. At the same time, we are offering new opportunities for our 
franchisees to earn annual incentive-based rebates as they increase volume and open new restaurants, which will drive 
continued supply chain productivity for our system.  See “Recent Business Matters” in Part II, Item 7. Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Leverage our technology infrastructure to drive our business operations. We utilize technology to deliver a better 
customer experience, improve operational efficiencies and inform our decision-making. Approximately 85% of our 
Domestic sales are through digital channels, including website, apps, third party aggregators, and centralized call centers. 
We believe that this technology leadership edge provides a competitive advantage when compared with other QSR models. 
We continue to invest in technology and data science to enhance our digital capabilities for both our customers as well as 
our employees. We remain committed to meeting customers where they want to order from us and to giving them high 
quality innovative products, providing great value, and delivering excellent service, regardless of the channel in which they 
order. 
Our loyalty program (“Papa Rewards”) and one-to-one marketing platforms help us retain loyal customers and drive 
frequency and ticket on our own ordering channels. We have also been a leader in the use of third-party domestic delivery 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
3

--------------------------------------------------
Page 5:
aggregators since 2019. As new national pizza chains arrive on the platform, the pizza category has continued to expand its 
share of the overall aggregator market because it’s a great product for home delivery. Our integrations with the aggregator 
marketplaces and our nationwide integration with a third-party delivery service provider have been key tools allowing us to 
continue to meet our customers in the channel of their choice. The “on-demand” labor that the aggregators provide through 
their “delivery as a service” model allows us to increase our volume in growing day parts like lunch and late night, when 
the unpredictable demand can make it difficult to predict staffing needs.
Profitably expand our footprint domestically and internationally. We continue to pursue a growth strategy by expanding 
our footprint, both domestically and internationally. We partner with growth-oriented operators to expand into new regions 
and markets, seeking to ensure our partners are aligned with our strategic priorities and committed to the Papa Johns brand. 
The majority of our top-25 North American franchisees have development agreements in place. As part of our previously 
announced International Transformation initiative, we are evolving our International business structure to strengthen our 
operational effectiveness and better position our key markets for profitable growth. These steps include establishing 
International regional hubs, increasing technology investments and optimizing our UK business model. See “Recent 
Business Matters” in Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, and Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes 16. Restructuring and 25. Subsequent 
Events to the Financial Statements for additional details.  
A large majority of Papa John’s restaurants are franchised. We believe a franchised model provides resiliency of earnings 
and presents us with an opportunity to enhance growth with less capital investment than a traditional company-operated 
restaurant model. We seek to attract and retain franchisees with experience in restaurant or retail operations and with the 
financial resources and management capabilities to open and operate multiple locations. While each Papa John’s franchisee 
manages and operates its own restaurants and business, we devote significant resources to providing franchisees with 
assistance in restaurant operations, quality assurance, technology, training, marketing, site selection and restaurant design. 
Papa John’s franchise owners benefit from our award-winning brand, food service capabilities and the Papa John’s digital 
and delivery model. 
We recently introduced a new development incentive for our U.S. franchisees designed to accelerate unit growth in 2024 
and 2025 and reward growing franchisees. Qualified openings will be eligible for a reduction in Papa John’s Marketing 
Fund, Inc. (“PJMF”) contributions over a multi-year period. The value of this incentive is intended to significantly improve 
restaurant profitability in the initial years of operations, thus improving overall unit economics, strengthening the business 
case for new store development. We also introduced a new marketing strategy, lowering total advertising fees paid by 
franchisees while improving efficiency and return on ad spend.  See “Recent Business Matters” in Part II, Item 7. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Segment Overview
Papa John’s has four defined reportable segments: Domestic Company-owned restaurants, North America franchising, 
North America commissaries (Quality Control Centers), and International.
Domestic Company-owned Restaurants 
The Domestic Company-owned restaurant segment consists of the operations of all Domestic Company-owned restaurants 
and derives its revenues principally from retail sales of pizza, Papadias, and side items, including breadsticks, Papa Bites, 
cheesesticks, boneless chicken wings and bone-in chicken wings, dessert items and canned or bottled beverages. Of the 
total 3,433 North American restaurants open as of December 31, 2023, 531 units, or approximately 15%, were Company-
owned. In 2023, the 512 Domestic Company-owned restaurants included in the full year’s comparable restaurant base 
generated average annual unit sales of $1.4 million.
Operating Company-owned restaurants allows us to improve operations, training, marketing and quality standards for the 
benefit of the entire Papa John’s system.
North America franchising 
The North America franchising segment consists of our franchise sales and support activities and derives its revenues from 
the sale of franchise and development rights and the collection of royalties from our franchisees located in the United 
States and Canada. Our North American franchised restaurants, which included 2,519 restaurants in the full year’s 
comparable base for 2023, generated average annual unit sales of $1.2 million. These sales, while not included in the 
Company’s revenues, contribute to our royalty revenues, franchisee marketing fund contributions, and commissary 
revenue. 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
4

--------------------------------------------------
Page 6:
North America commissary
The North America commissary segment comprises 11 full-service regional dough production and distribution centers 
(Quality Control Centers, or “QC Centers”) in the United States, which supply pizza sauce, dough, food products, paper 
products, smallwares and cleaning supplies twice weekly to each traditional restaurant served. This system enables us to 
monitor and control product quality and consistency while lowering food and other costs. We also have one QC Center in 
Canada, which produces and distributes fresh dough. We evaluate the QC Center system capacity in relation to existing 
restaurants’ volumes and planned restaurant growth, and facilities are developed or upgraded as operational or economic 
conditions warrant. To ensure consistent food quality, each Domestic franchisee is required to purchase dough and pizza 
sauce from our QC Centers and to purchase all other supplies from our QC Centers or other approved suppliers.
International 
The International segment is defined as all restaurant operations outside of the United States and Canada. As of 
December 31, 2023, there were 2,473 International restaurants, comprised of 117 Company-owned restaurants in the UK 
and 2,356 franchised restaurants. The Company currently operates one International QC Center in the UK. The 
International segment also consists of distribution sales to Papa John’s restaurants located in the UK and our franchise sales 
and support activities, which derive revenues from sales of franchise and development rights and the collection of royalties 
from our International franchisees. Other QC Centers outside North America are operated by franchisees pursuant to 
license agreements or by other third parties. 
All others
All other business units that do not meet the quantitative thresholds for determining reportable segments, which are not 
operating segments, are referred to as “all others.” These consist of operations that derive revenues from franchise 
contributions to our marketing funds and the sale, principally to Company-owned and franchised restaurants, of 
information systems and related services used in restaurant operations, including our point-of-sale system, online and other 
technology-based ordering platforms, and printing and promotional items. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company sold 
Preferred Marketing, our previously wholly-owned print and promotions company.  See “Note 22. Divestitures” of “Notes 
to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information.
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Note 23. Segment 
Information” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for financial information about our segments.
Development
At December 31, 2023, there were 5,906 Papa John’s restaurants operating in 50 countries and territories, as follows:
Domestic 
Company 
Owned
Franchised 
North 
America 
Total 
North 
America
International 
Company 
Owned
International 
Franchised
Total 
International
System-wide
December 25, 2022 (a)
 
522  
2,854  
3,376  
—  
2,322  
2,322  
5,698 
Opened
 
5  
87  
92  
—  
234  
234  
326 
Closed
 
(2)  
(33)  
(35)  
—  
(83)  
(83)  
(118) 
Sold
 
—  
(10)  
(10)  
—  
(118)  
(118)  
(128) 
Acquired
 
10  
—  
10  
118  
—  
118  
128 
Refranchised
 
(4)  
4  
—  
(1)  
1  
—  
— 
December 31, 2023
 
531  
2,902  
3,433  
117  
2,356  
2,473  
5,906 
Net unit growth/(decline) 
 
9  
48  
57  
117  
34  
151  
208 
______________________________
(a)
Restaurant figures as of December 25, 2022 have been revised from previous presentations as eight international units were re-classified as closed 
locations following a review of temporary restaurant closures.
Our Domestic Company-owned restaurant growth strategy is to continue to open restaurants in existing markets as 
appropriate, thereby increasing consumer awareness, increasing market share, improving customer service and enabling us 
to take advantage of operational and marketing scale efficiencies. We have co-developed Domestic markets with some 
franchisees or divided markets among franchisees and will continue to use market co-development in the future, where 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
5

--------------------------------------------------
Page 7:
appropriate. Our Domestic Company-owned markets are comprised of strong performing restaurants and make them 
attractive locations either as Company-owned or franchised. 
Our experience in developing markets indicates that market penetration through the opening of multiple restaurants in a 
particular region results in increased average restaurant sales over time. We will establish a development or a master 
franchise agreement with a franchisee for the opening of a specified number of restaurants within a defined period of time 
and specified geographic area. Similarly to our Domestic Company-owned restaurant growth strategy, our International 
strategy has shown to build higher consumer awareness, increased market share, and improved operational efficiencies. 
In the second and third quarters of 2023, we acquired 118 formerly-franchised restaurants in the UK as Company-owned 
restaurants. We recently announced International Transformation initiatives intended to enhance the profitability and cash 
flow of our UK portfolio and ensure alignment of the region and its performance with our long-term strategy.  See “Recent 
Business Matters” in Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations and Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes 16. Restructuring and 25. Subsequent 
Events to the Financial Statements for additional details.  
Franchise Program
We continue to attract qualified and experienced franchisees, whom we consider to be a vital part of our system’s 
continued growth. We believe our relationship with our franchisees is fundamental to the performance of our brand and we 
strive to maintain a collaborative relationship with our franchisees. Franchisees are approved on the basis of the applicant’s 
business background, restaurant operating experience and financial resources. 
North America Development and Franchise Agreements. We enter into development agreements with our franchisees in 
North America for the opening of a specified number of restaurants within a defined period of time and specified 
geographic area. A franchise agreement is generally executed once a franchisee secures a location. Our current standard 
franchise agreement requires the franchisee to pay a royalty fee of 5% of sales, and the majority of our existing franchised 
restaurants have a 5% contractual royalty rate in effect. Incentives offered from time to time to franchisees may reduce the 
contractual royalty rate paid. 
Substantially all existing franchise agreements have an initial 10-year term with a 10-year renewal option. We have the 
right to terminate a franchise agreement for a variety of reasons, including a franchisee’s failure to make payments when 
due or failure to adhere to our operational policies and standards. However, many state franchise laws limit our ability as a 
franchisor to terminate or refuse to renew a franchise.
International Development and Franchise Agreements. In international markets, we have either a development agreement 
or a master franchise agreement with a franchisee for the opening of a specified number of restaurants within a defined 
period of time and specified geographic area. Under a master franchise agreement, the franchisee has the right to sub-
franchise a portion of the development to one or more sub-franchisees approved by us. 
Our current standard international master franchise and development agreements provide for payment to us of a royalty fee 
of 5% of sales. For international markets with sub-franchise agreements, the effective sub-franchise royalty received by the 
Company is generally 3% of sales and the master franchisee generally receives a royalty of 2% of sales. The remaining 
terms applicable to the operation of individual restaurants are substantially equivalent to the terms of our Domestic 
franchise agreement. In certain cases, development agreements may be negotiated at other-than-standard terms for fees and 
royalties, and we may offer various development and royalty incentives.
Franchise Operations. All franchisees are required to operate their Papa John’s restaurants in compliance with our policies, 
standards and specifications, including matters such as menu items, ingredients, and restaurant design. Franchisees have 
full discretion in human resource practices, and generally have full discretion to determine the prices to be charged to 
customers, but we generally have the authority to set maximum price points for nationally advertised promotions.
Franchisee Loans. Selected Domestic and International franchisees have borrowed funds from us, principally for the 
purchase of restaurants from us or other franchisees or, in certain international markets, for construction and development 
of new restaurants. Loans made to franchisees can bear interest at fixed or floating rates and in most cases are secured by 
the fixtures, equipment and signage of the restaurant and/or are guaranteed by the franchise owners. At December 31, 
2023, net loans outstanding totaled $17.5 million. See “Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies” of “Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements” for additional information.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
6

--------------------------------------------------
Page 11:
Privacy and Data Protection
We are subject to privacy and data protection laws and regulations globally. The legal and regulatory landscape for privacy 
and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increase in attention given to privacy and data protection 
issues with the potential to impact our business. This includes recently enacted laws and regulations in the United States 
and in other countries which require notification to individuals and government authorities of breaches involving certain 
categories of personal information. Any changes in privacy and data protection laws or regulations could also adversely 
impact the way we use e-mail, text messages and other marketing techniques and could require changes in our marketing 
strategies. We have a privacy policy posted on our website at www.papajohns.com. The security of our financial data, 
customer information and other personal information is a priority for us.
Trademarks, Copyrights and Domain Names
We protect our intellectual property through a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, foreign 
intellectual property laws, confidentiality agreements and other contractual provisions. We have also registered, and 
applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights. From time 
to time, we are made aware of the use by other persons in certain geographical areas of names and marks that are the same 
as or substantially similar to our marks. It is our policy to pursue registration of our marks whenever possible and to 
vigorously oppose any infringement of our marks.
We hold copyrights in authored works used in our business, including advertisements, packaging, training, website, and 
promotional materials. In addition, we have registered and maintain Internet domain names, including “papajohns.com,” 
and country code domains patterned as “papajohns.cc,” or a close variation thereof, with “.cc” representing a specific 
country code.
Environmental Matters
We are not aware of any federal, state, local or international environmental laws or regulations that we expect to materially 
affect our earnings or competitive position or result in material capital expenditures. However, we cannot predict the effect 
of possible future environment legislation or regulations on our operations. During 2023, we had no material environmental 
compliance-related capital expenditures, and no such material expenditures are anticipated in 2024.
Additional Information
All of our periodic and current reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Section 
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are available, free of charge, 
through our website located at www.papajohns.com. These reports include our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly 
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports. These reports are available 
through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with the SEC. We also make 
available free of charge on our website our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Board Committee Charters, and our Code of 
Ethics, which applies to Papa John’s directors, officers and employees. Printed copies of such documents are also available 
free of charge upon written request to Investor Relations, Papa John’s International, Inc., P.O. Box 99900, Louisville, KY 
40269-0900. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other 
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us, at www.sec.gov. The references to these 
website addresses do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites, which should 
not be considered part of this document.
Item 1A. Risk Factors 
We are subject to risks that could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
These risks could cause actual operating results to differ from those expressed in certain “forward-looking statements” 
contained in this Form 10-K as well as in other Company communications. You should carefully consider the following 
risk factors together with all other information included in this Form 10-K and our other publicly filed documents.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
10

--------------------------------------------------
Page 12:
Industry and Macroeconomic Risks
Economic conditions in the U.S. and international markets could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
Our financial condition and results of operations are impacted by global markets and economic conditions over which 
neither we nor our franchisees have control. An economic downturn or recession, including deterioration in the economic 
conditions in the U.S. or international markets where we or our franchisees operate, or a slowing or stalled recovery 
therefrom, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations, including a 
reduction in the demand for our products, longer payment cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price 
competition. Poor economic conditions have in the past adversely affected and may in the future affect the ability of our 
franchisees to pay royalties or amounts owed and could also disrupt our business and adversely affect our results. Higher 
inflation, and a related increase in costs, including elevated interest rates, as well as currency restrictions and changes in 
foreign exchange rates, have impacted our franchisees and their ability to pay royalties, open new restaurants or operate 
existing restaurants profitably. As we navigate this environment, we may need to offer support for certain franchisees in the 
form of royalty relief, loans or other support, close unprofitable restaurants or markets, and/or consider other alternatives 
such as acquiring or purchasing franchised restaurants, QC Centers or operations to operate them until they can be 
refranchised. In addition, adverse macroeconomic conditions, unforeseen geopolitical events, and other business-related 
changes in circumstances outside of our control have required us to close restaurants in the past and impacted our ability to 
collect royalties and/or achieve our net unit development targets.
Our business, financial condition and results of operations have been and could continue to be adversely affected by 
depressed economic and business conditions in the United Kingdom. There are approximately 500 Papa John’s restaurants 
located in the United Kingdom, and we also operate an International QC Center in the United Kingdom. In addition, the 
Company’s UK subsidiary also holds the master leases for nearly all of the corporate and franchise restaurant locations, 
which exposes us to rent liability. During 2022 and 2023, our business in the United Kingdom was subject to adverse 
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, elevated interest rates, the energy crisis, slowing economic growth, and 
volatile exchange rates, which resulted in negative comparable sales and a challenging operating environment for our 
franchisees. These challenges also impacted the financial condition of our UK franchisees. We expect some of these 
conditions to continue in 2024. As we navigate this challenging economic environment, we are investing in capabilities to 
improve our operations and working to re-position the franchise base to further strengthen our business in the United 
Kingdom by exiting poorly performing franchisees and permanently closing certain restaurants. We also established a 
Company-owned restaurant portfolio in the United Kingdom in 2023, acquiring 118 Papa Johns restaurants in an effort to 
re-position the market. These Company-owned restaurants have incurred operating losses as we continue to evaluate 
current operational capabilities and implement improvements in revenue management capabilities, product and 
technological innovation and operational efficiencies to improve sales and restaurant-level profitability over the longer 
term. If our efforts to re-position the franchise base or improve the profitability of our Company-owned restaurants are 
unsuccessful, we might need to find new operators for certain unprofitable restaurants and/or close unprofitable locations in 
the future, which would trigger certain lease and/or loan impairments, and could adversely impact the Company’s financial 
condition and results of operations in the region. In addition, the Company has provided financial support to certain 
franchisees in the United Kingdom, including in the form of marketing support and loans. This franchisee support may not 
be sufficient to keep restaurants in the United Kingdom from closing, particularly if current economic conditions worsen, 
or our franchisees may not be able to repay their loans, pay royalties, and/or make rent payments under sub-leases with us.  
The Company is unable to predict the duration or the extent of the macroeconomic deterioration in the United Kingdom or 
the extent to which our corporate and franchised restaurants will be impacted.
We are also subject to ongoing risks and uncertainties associated with the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the 
European Union (referred to as “Brexit”), including implications for the free flow of labor and goods in the United 
Kingdom and the European Union and other financial, legal, tax and trade implications.
We have recently acquired Company-owned restaurants in the United Kingdom, and are subject to increased risks 
presented by owning and operating restaurants internationally.
We recently acquired formerly-franchised Papa Johns restaurants located in the United Kingdom, and may purchase 
additional restaurants in the United Kingdom. Previously, all of the Papa Johns restaurants located in our International 
operations segment were franchised. As a result, the Company is exposed to risks of owning and operating restaurants 
located in the United Kingdom, including those related to business licensing and administrative challenges, lease liabilities, 
international economic and political conditions, currency regulations and fluctuations, compliance with international 
privacy and information security laws and regulations, the ability to adapt to differing cultures or consumer preferences, 
diverse government regulations and tax systems, the ability to identify, attract and retain experienced management and 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
11

--------------------------------------------------
Page 13:
employee populations, and other legal, financial or regulatory impediments to the development or operation of the 
restaurants.
Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by disruptions in the global 
economy caused by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and other actual and potential conflicts.
The global economy has been negatively impacted by the military conflict in Ukraine. Furthermore, governments in the 
United States, United Kingdom, and European Union have each imposed export controls on certain products and financial 
and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. The Company has no company-owned restaurants 
in Russia or Ukraine and has suspended corporate support for its master franchisee in Russia, which operates and supplies 
all 188 franchised Papa John’s restaurants there. The Company is unable to predict how long the current environment will 
last or if it will resume corporate support to impacted franchised restaurants. The Company also has franchise locations in 
Israel and a significant franchise presence in the Middle East.  In connection with the ongoing conflict in Gaza, some of our 
franchisees in the Middle East have experienced boycotts resulting in decreased development prospects, sales and 
profitability. The Company is unable to predict how long the current environment will last or the long-term impact to these 
franchised locations.
In addition, our international business is subject to the risks of other geopolitical tensions and conflicts, including, for 
example, the ongoing conflicts described above and changes in China-Taiwan and United States-China relations. We have 
franchised restaurants located in China, South Korea, Israel and the Middle East. Although we do not do business in North 
Korea, any future increase in tensions between South Korea and North Korea, such as an outbreak or escalation of military 
hostilities, or between Taiwan and China could materially adversely affect our operations in Asia or the global economy, 
which in turn would adversely impact our business. Likewise, an escalation of the conflict in Gaza could materially 
adversely affect our operations in Israel, Jordan, Egypt and other countries in the Middle East.
Our International operations are subject to increased risks and other factors that may make it more difficult to achieve or 
maintain profitability or meet planned growth rates.
Our International operations could be negatively impacted by volatility and instability in international economic, political, 
security, or health conditions in the countries in which the Company or our franchisees operate, especially in emerging 
markets. In addition, there are risks associated with differing business and social cultures and consumer preferences. We 
may face limited availability for restaurant locations, higher location costs and difficulties in franchisee selection and 
financing. We may be subject to difficulties in sourcing and importing high-quality ingredients (and ensuring food safety) 
in a cost-effective manner, hiring and retaining qualified team members, marketing effectively and adequately investing in 
information technology, especially in emerging markets.
Our International operations are also subject to additional risk factors, including import and export controls, compliance 
with anti-corruption and other foreign laws, difficulties enforcing intellectual property and contract rights in foreign 
jurisdictions, the imposition of increased or new tariffs or trade barriers and potential government seizures or 
nationalization. We intend to continue to expand internationally, which would make the risks related to our International 
operations more significant over time.
Our International restaurants’ results, which are almost completely franchised, depend heavily on the operating capabilities 
and financial strength of our franchisees. Any changes in the ability of our franchisees to run their restaurants profitably in 
accordance with our operating standards, or to effectively sub-franchise restaurants, could result in brand damage, a higher 
number of restaurant closures and a reduction in the number of new restaurant openings (which could cause us to miss our 
net unit development targets). 
Sales made by our franchisees in international markets and certain loans we provide to such franchisees are denominated in 
their local currencies, and fluctuations in the U.S. dollar occur relative to the local currencies. Accordingly, changes in 
currency exchange rates will cause our revenues, investment income and operating results to fluctuate. We have not 
historically hedged our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Our International revenues and earnings may be 
adversely impacted as the U.S. dollar rises against foreign currencies because the local currency will translate into fewer 
U.S. dollars. Additionally, the value of certain assets or loans denominated in local currencies may deteriorate. Other items 
denominated in U.S. dollars, including product imports or loans, may also become more expensive, putting pressure on 
franchisees’ cash flows. Our International franchisees may also be impacted by currency restrictions imposed by 
governmental authorities, which could impact their ability to pay royalties in compliance with their franchise agreement. 
We have experienced situations with franchisees being subject to currency restrictions and unable pay royalties in U.S. 
dollars. 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
12

--------------------------------------------------
Page 14:
We are subject to risks related to epidemic and pandemic outbreaks, including COVID-19, which may have a material 
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We remain subject to risks related to epidemic and pandemic outbreaks, such as the global COVID-19 pandemic, which 
has had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on economic and market conditions and our business. COVID-19 
created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption in the regions in which we operate. Certain parts of our 
operations may continue to be impacted by the continuing effects of COVID-19, including resurgences and variants of the 
virus. It remains difficult to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the broader economy and how consumer 
behavior may change, and whether such change is temporary or permanent. To the extent that COVID-19 continues to 
adversely affect the U.S. and global economy, our business, financial conditions or results of operations, it may also 
heighten other risks described in this section.
The potential adverse effects of potential epidemics or outbreaks could also include, but may not be limited to, our ability 
to meet consumer demand through the continued availability of our workforce and our franchisees’ workforce; other 
changes in labor markets affecting us, our franchisees and suppliers, supply chain disruptions and increases in operating 
costs; adverse impacts from new laws and regulations affecting our business, increased cyber risks and reliance on 
technology infrastructure to support our business and operations, including through remote-work protocols, fluctuations in 
foreign currency markets, credit risks of our customers and counterparties, and impairment of long-lived assets, the 
carrying value of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets.  
Our profitability may suffer as a result of intense competition in the QSR industry. 
The QSR Pizza industry in the United States is mature and highly competitive. Competition is based on price, service, 
location, food quality, convenience, brand recognition and loyalty, product innovation, effectiveness of marketing and 
promotional activity, use of technology, and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. We may need to 
reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures, which may adversely affect 
our profitability. When commodity and other costs increase, we may be limited in our ability to increase prices. With the 
significant level of competition and the pace of innovation, we may be required to increase investment spending in several 
areas, particularly marketing and technology, which can decrease profitability. 
In addition to competition with our larger competitors, we face competition from local quick service pizza delivery 
restaurants and new competitors such as fast casual pizza concepts. We also face competitive pressures from an array of 
food delivery concepts and aggregators delivering for quick service or dine in restaurants, using new delivery technologies 
or delivering for competitors who previously did not have delivery capabilities, some of which may have more effective 
marketing or delivery service capabilities. The emergence or growth of these competitors, in the pizza category or in the 
food service industry generally, may make it difficult for us to maintain or increase our market share and could negatively 
impact our sales, profit margins, royalties, and our system-wide restaurant operations. We also face increasing competition 
from other home delivery services and grocery stores that offer an increasing variety of prepped or prepared meals in 
response to consumer demand. In addition, if our competitors respond more effectively to changes in consumer preferences 
or increase their market share, it could have a negative effect on our business. As a result, our sales can be directly and 
negatively impacted by actions of our competitors, the emergence or growth of new competitors, consumer sentiment or 
other factors outside our control.
We compete within the food service market and the QSR pizza market not only for customers, but also for management 
and hourly employees, including restaurant team members, drivers and qualified franchisees, as well as suitable real estate 
sites.
One of our competitive strengths is our “BETTER INGREDIENTS. BETTER PIZZA.®” brand promise. This means we 
may use ingredients that cost more than the ingredients some of our competitors may use. Because of our investment in 
higher-quality ingredients, we could have lower profit margins than some of our competitors if we are not able to establish 
a quality differentiator that resonates with consumers. Our sales may be particularly impacted as competitors increasingly 
emphasize lower-cost menu options.
Changes in consumer preferences or discretionary consumer spending could adversely impact our results. 
Changes in consumer preferences and trends could negatively affect us (for example, changes in consumer perceptions of 
certain ingredients that could cause consumers to avoid pizza or some of its ingredients in favor of foods that are or are 
perceived as healthier, lower-calorie, amenable to certain diets or lower in carbohydrates or otherwise based on their 
ingredients or nutritional content) or reduced consumption of pizza as a result of new weight loss drugs, such as GLP 
inhibitors and others. Preferences for a dining experience such as fast casual pizza concepts could also adversely affect our 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
13

--------------------------------------------------
Page 15:
restaurant business and reduce the effectiveness of our marketing and technology initiatives. Also, our success depends to a 
significant extent on numerous factors affecting consumer confidence and discretionary consumer income and spending, 
such as general economic conditions, customer sentiment and employment levels. Any factors that could cause consumers 
to spend less on food or shift to lower-priced products could reduce sales or inhibit our ability to maintain or increase 
pricing, which could adversely affect our operating results.
Food safety and quality concerns may negatively impact our business and profitability. 
Incidents or reports of food- or water-borne illness or other food safety issues, investigations or other actions by food safety 
regulators, food contamination or tampering, employee hygiene and cleanliness failures, improper franchisee or employee 
conduct, or presence of communicable disease at our restaurants (both Company-owned and franchised), QC Centers, or 
suppliers could lead to product liability or other claims. If we were to experience any such incidents or reports, our brand 
and reputation could be negatively impacted. This could result in a significant decrease in customer traffic and could 
negatively impact our revenues and profits. Similar incidents or reports occurring at quick service restaurants unrelated to 
us could likewise create negative publicity, which could negatively impact consumer behavior towards us.
We rely on our Domestic and International suppliers, as do our franchisees, to provide quality ingredients and to comply 
with applicable laws and industry standards. A failure of one of our Domestic or International suppliers to meet our quality 
standards, or comply with Domestic or International food industry standards, could result in a disruption in our supply 
chain and negatively impact our brand and our results.
Failure to preserve the value and relevance of our brand could have a negative impact on our financial results.
Our results depend upon our ability to differentiate our brand and our reputation for quality. Damage to our brand or 
reputation could negatively impact our business and financial results. Our brand has been highly rated in past U.S. surveys, 
and we strive to build the value of our brand as we develop international markets. 
Consumer perceptions of our brand are affected by a variety of factors, such as the nutritional content and preparation of 
our food, the quality of the ingredients we use, our marketing and advertising, our corporate culture, our policies and 
systems related to DEI, our business practices, our engagement in local communities and the manner in which we source 
the commodities we use. 
Consumer acceptance of our offerings is subject to change for a variety of reasons, and some changes can occur rapidly. 
Consumer perceptions may also be affected by third parties, including current or former spokespersons, employees and 
executives, presenting or promoting adverse commentary or portrayals of our industry, our brand, our suppliers or our 
franchisees, or otherwise making statements, disclosing information or taking actions that could damage our reputation. If 
we are unsuccessful in managing incidents that erode consumer trust or confidence, particularly if such incidents receive 
considerable publicity or result in litigation, our brand value and financial results could be negatively impacted. 
Our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media, influencers, 
and/or shareholder activism could adversely impact our business.
Social media platforms, including blogs, chat platforms, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based 
communications allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other persons. The popularity of social 
media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination, 
and could hamper our ability to promptly correct misrepresentations or otherwise respond effectively to negative publicity, 
whether or not accurate. The dissemination of proprietary Company or negative information, whether or not accurate, by 
customers, employees, social media influencers, and others via social media could harm our business, brand, reputation, 
marketing partners, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information’s accuracy.
In addition, we frequently use social media to communicate with consumers and the public in general. Failure to use social 
media effectively could negatively impact brand value and revenue. Other risks associated with the use of social media 
include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our brand, exposure of personally 
identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious dissemination of false information. 
We are also subject to the risk of negative publicity associated with various shareholder proposals, campaigns, and 
activism, including publicity related to the environment, animal welfare, diversity, responsible sourcing, and other 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) topics. Despite our best efforts relating to ESG policies, initiatives and 
reporting, media reports and social media campaigns can create a negative opinion or perception of the company’s efforts. 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
14

--------------------------------------------------
Page 16:
Such media reports and negative publicity could impact customer or investor perception of our Company or industry and 
can have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of our ESG initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these 
goals. If our ESG-related data, processes and reporting fail to meet investor, customer, consumer, employee or other 
stakeholders’ evolving expectations and standards, are incomplete or inaccurate, or certain groups or customers disagree 
with our ESG initiatives or goals, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope of ESG on a 
timely basis, or at all, our reputation, brand, appeal to investors, employee retention, business, financial performance and 
growth could be adversely affected.
Our franchise business model presents a number of risks.
Our success increasingly relies on the financial success and cooperation of our franchisees, yet we have limited influence 
over their operations. Our franchisees manage their businesses independently, and therefore are responsible for the day-to-
day operation of their restaurants and compliance with applicable laws. The revenues we realize from franchised 
restaurants are largely dependent on the ability of our franchisees to maintain or grow their sales. If our franchisees do not 
maintain or grow sales, our revenues and margins could be negatively affected. Also, if sales trends worsen for franchisees, 
especially in emerging markets and/or high-cost markets, their financial results may deteriorate, which in the past has 
resulted in, and could in the future result in, among other things, required financial support from us, higher numbers of 
restaurant closures (which could cause us to miss our net unit development targets), reduced numbers of restaurant 
openings, franchisee bankruptcies or restructuring activities, delayed or reduced payments to us, or increased franchisee 
assistance, which reduces our revenues.
Our success also increasingly depends on the willingness and ability of our franchisees to remain aligned with us on 
operating, promotional and marketing plans. Franchisees’ ability to continue to grow is also dependent in large part on the 
availability of franchisee funding at reasonable interest rates and may be negatively impacted by the financial markets in 
general or by the creditworthiness of our franchisees. Our operating performance could also be negatively affected if our 
franchisees experience food safety, compliance, or other operational problems or project an image inconsistent with our 
brand and values, particularly if our contractual and other rights and remedies are limited, costly to exercise or subjected to 
litigation. If franchisees do not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with our required standards or 
applicable laws, the brand’s image and reputation could be harmed, which in turn could hurt our business and operating 
results.
We may be adversely impacted by increases in the cost of food ingredients and other costs.
We are exposed to fluctuations in prices of commodities and ingredients. An increase in the cost or sustained high levels of 
the cost of cheese or other commodities and ingredients could adversely affect the profitability of our system-wide 
restaurant operations, particularly if we are unable to increase the selling price of our products to offset increased costs. We 
have recently experienced significant inflation in commodities prices, including food ingredients, which has significantly 
increased our operating expenses. Cheese, representing our largest food cost, and other commodities and ingredients can be 
subject to significant cost fluctuations due to inflation, weather, availability, global demand and other factors that are 
beyond our control. Additionally, increases in labor, mileage, insurance, fuel, and other costs could adversely affect the 
profitability of our restaurant and QC Center businesses. Many of the factors affecting costs in our system-wide restaurant 
operations are beyond our control, and we may not be able to adequately mitigate these costs or pass along these costs to 
our customers or franchisees, given the significant competitive pricing pressures we face.
Changes in privacy or data protection laws could adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. 
We rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email, text messages, push notifications, social media and 
postal mailings. Any future restrictions in federal, state or foreign laws regarding marketing and solicitation or Domestic or 
International data protection laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, 
text messages, social media and postal mailing techniques and could force changes in our marketing strategies. If this 
occurs, we may need to develop alternative marketing strategies, which may not be as effective and could impact the 
amount and timing of our revenues.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
15

--------------------------------------------------
Page 17:
Higher labor costs, increased competition for qualified team members and ensuring adequate staffing in our restaurants 
and QC Centers increase the cost of doing business. Additionally, changes in employment and labor laws, including health 
care legislation and minimum wage increases, could increase costs for our system-wide operations. 
Our success depends in part on our and our franchisees’ ability to recruit, motivate, train and retain a qualified workforce to 
work in our restaurants in an intensely competitive environment. We and our franchisees have experienced, and could 
continue to experience, a shortage of labor for restaurant positions due to job market trends and conditions, which shortage 
has increased our and our franchisees’ labor expenses and could decrease the pool of available qualified talent for key 
functions. Increased costs associated with recruiting, motivating and retaining qualified employees to work in Company-
owned and franchised restaurants have had, and may in the future have, a negative impact on our Company-owned 
restaurant margins and the margins of franchised restaurants. Competition for qualified drivers for both our restaurants and 
supply-chain function also continues to increase as more companies compete for drivers or enter the delivery space, 
including third party aggregators. Additionally, economic actions, such as boycotts, protests, work stoppages or campaigns 
by labor organizations, could adversely affect us (including our ability to recruit and retain talent) or our franchisees and 
suppliers. Social media may be used to foster negative perceptions of employment with our Company in particular or in our 
industry generally, and to promote strikes or boycotts.
We are also subject to federal, state and foreign laws governing such matters as minimum wage requirements, overtime 
compensation, benefits, working conditions, citizenship requirements and discrimination and family and medical leave and 
employee related litigation. Labor costs and labor-related benefits are primary components in the cost of operation of our 
restaurants and QC Centers. Labor shortages, increased employee turnover and health care mandates could increase our 
system-wide labor costs.
A significant number of hourly personnel are paid at rates at or above the federal and state minimum wage requirements. 
Accordingly, the enactment of additional state or local minimum wage increases above federal wage rates or regulations 
related to exempt employees has increased and could continue to increase labor costs for our Domestic system-wide 
operations. A significant increase in federal or state minimum wage requirement could adversely impact our financial 
condition and results of operations, and the viability of our franchisees restaurants in certain markets.
Additionally, while we do not currently have a unionized workforce, certain employees of other companies in our industry 
have recently become unionized. If a significant portion of our corporate or franchisee’s workforce were to become 
unionized, labor costs could increase and our business could be negatively affected by union requirements that increase 
costs, disrupt business, reduce flexibility and affect the employer-employee relationship. Further, corporate or franchisees’ 
response to any union organizing efforts could negatively impact how our brand is perceived. We are also subject to 
potential joint-employer liability for issues that may occur with our franchise operations.
Our business depends on the proper allocation of our human capital and our ability to attract and retain talented 
management and other key employees.
There can be no assurance that our allocation of our human capital will effectively meet the needs of our business and 
brands. Further, our business is based on our and our franchisees’ ability to successfully attract and retain talented 
employees. Competition for restaurant employees has increased as more companies compete for these employees as 
aggregator adoption and usage continues to increase requiring more labor. The market for highly skilled employees and 
leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to 
retain management and other key employees, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be 
adversely affected. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. The departure of a key 
executive or employee and/or the failure to ensure an effective transfer of knowledge and a smooth transition upon such 
departure may be disruptive to the business and could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
We rely on information technology to operate our businesses and maintain our competitiveness, and any failure to invest in 
or adapt to technological developments or industry trends could harm our business. 
We rely heavily on information systems, including digital ordering solutions, through which a majority of our Domestic 
sales originate. We also rely heavily on point-of-sale processing in our Company-owned and franchised restaurants for data 
collection and payment systems for the collection of cash, credit and debit card transactions, and other processes and 
procedures. Our ability to efficiently and effectively manage our business depends on the reliability and capacity of these 
technology systems. In addition, we anticipate that consumers will continue to have more options to place orders digitally, 
both domestically and internationally. We plan to continue to invest in enhancing and improving the functionality and 
features of our information technology systems. However, we cannot ensure that our initiatives will be beneficial to the 
extent, or within the timeframes, expected or that the estimated improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all. Our 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
16

--------------------------------------------------
Page 19:
Spokespersons or marketing partners who endorse our products could take actions that harm their reputations, which could 
also cause harm to our brand. From time to time, in response to changes in the business environment and the audience 
share of marketing channels, we expect to reallocate marketing resources across social media and other channels. That 
reallocation may not be effective or as successful as the marketing and advertising allocations of our competitors, which 
could negatively impact the amount and timing of our revenues.
We may not be able to execute our strategy or achieve our planned growth targets, which could negatively impact our 
business and our financial results.
Our growth strategy depends on our and our franchisees’ ability to open new restaurants and to operate them on a 
profitable basis. We expect substantially all of our International unit growth and much of our Domestic unit growth to be 
franchised units. Accordingly, our profitability increasingly depends upon royalty revenues from franchisees. If our 
franchisees are not able to operate their businesses successfully under our franchised business model, our results could 
suffer. Additionally, we may fail to attract new qualified franchisees or existing franchisees may close underperforming 
locations. Planned growth targets and the ability to operate new and existing restaurants profitably are affected by 
economic, regulatory and competitive conditions and consumer buying habits. A decrease in sales, or increased commodity 
or operating costs, including, but not limited to, employee compensation and benefits or insurance costs, could slow the 
rate of new restaurant openings or increase the number of restaurant closings. Our business is susceptible to adverse 
changes in local, national and global economic conditions, which could make it difficult for us to meet our growth targets. 
Additionally, we or our franchisees may face challenges securing financing, or securing financing on favorable terms, 
finding suitable restaurant locations at acceptable terms or securing required Domestic or foreign government permits and 
approvals. Declines in comparable sales, net restaurant openings and related operating profits can impact our stock price. If 
we do not continue to grow future sales and operating results and meet our related growth targets or external expectations 
for net restaurant openings or our other strategic objectives in the future, our stock price could decline.
Our franchisees remain dependent on the availability of financing to remodel or renovate existing locations, upgrade 
systems and enhance technology, or construct and open new restaurants. From time to time, the Company may provide 
financing to certain franchisees and prospective franchisees in order to mitigate restaurant closings, allow new units to 
open, or complete required upgrades. If we are unable or unwilling to provide such financing, which is a function of, 
among other things, prevailing interest rates and a franchisee’s creditworthiness, the number of new restaurant openings 
may be lower or the rate of closures may be higher than expected and our results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
The elevated interest rate environment has increased the cost of this financing to franchisees, which may make the 
financing less appealing to franchisees and increase the risk of defaults. To the extent we provide financing to franchisees, 
our results could be negatively impacted by negative performance of these franchisee loans, including franchisees 
defaulting on payment terms or being unable to repay loans.
Our dependence on a sole supplier or a limited number of suppliers for some ingredients and other supplies could result in 
disruptions to our business. 
Domestic restaurants purchase substantially all food and related products from our QC Centers. We are dependent on 
Leprino Foods Dairy Products Company (“Leprino”) as our sole supplier for mozzarella cheese, one of our key ingredients. 
Leprino, one of the major pizza category suppliers of cheese in the United States, currently supplies all of our mozzarella 
cheese domestically and substantially all of our mozzarella cheese internationally. We also depend on a sole source for our 
supply of garlic sauce, which constitutes a small percentage of our purchased food items. While we have no other sole 
sources of supply for key ingredients or menu items, we do source other key ingredients from a limited number of 
suppliers. While we strive to engage in a competitive bidding process for our ingredients, because certain of these 
ingredients, including meat products, may only be available from a limited number of vendors, we may not always be able 
to do so effectively. We may be subject to interruptions in supply or shortages of these items due to factors beyond our 
control or issues with our suppliers from time to time. Alternative sources of mozzarella cheese and other key ingredients 
or menu items may not be available on a timely basis or may not be available on terms as favorable to us as under our 
current arrangements. 
Increase in ingredient and other operating costs, including those caused by weather, climate change and food safety, could 
adversely affect our results of operations.
Our Company-owned and franchised restaurants could also be harmed by supply chain interruptions including those caused 
by factors beyond our control or the control of our suppliers. Prolonged disruption in the supply of products from or to our 
QC Centers due to weather, climate change, natural disasters, public health crises, crop disease, food safety incidents, 
regulatory compliance, labor dispute or interruption of service by carriers could increase costs, limit the availability of 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
18

--------------------------------------------------
Page 20:
ingredients critical to our restaurant operations and have a significant impact on results. Increasing weather volatility or 
other long-term changes in global weather patterns, including related to global climate change, could have a significant 
impact on the price or availability of some of our ingredients, energy and other materials throughout our supply chain. In 
particular, adverse weather or crop disease affecting the California tomato crop could disrupt the supply of pizza sauce to 
our and our franchisees’ restaurants. Insolvency of key suppliers could also cause similar business interruptions and 
negatively impact our business.
We rely on third parties for certain business processes and services, and failure or inability of such third-party vendors to 
perform subjects us to risks, including business disruption and increased costs. 
We depend on the performance of suppliers, aggregators and other third parties in our business operations. Third-party 
business processes we utilize include information technology, gift card authorization and processing, other payment 
processing, benefits, and other accounting and business services. We conduct third-party due diligence and seek to obtain 
contractual assurance that our vendors will maintain adequate controls, such as adequate security against cybersecurity 
incidents. However, the failure of our suppliers to maintain adequate controls or comply with our expectations and 
standards could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
Changes in purchasing practices by our Domestic franchisees, or prolonged disruptions in our QC Center operations, 
could harm our commissary business.
Although our Domestic franchisees currently purchase substantially all food products from our QC Centers, the only 
required QC Center purchases by franchisees are pizza sauce, dough and other items we may designate as proprietary or 
integral to our system. Any changes in purchasing practices by Domestic franchisees, such as seeking alternative approved 
suppliers of ingredients or other food products, could adversely affect the financial results of our QC Centers and the 
Company. In addition, any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of our QC facilities, whether due to technical, 
systems, operational or labor difficulties, destruction or damage to the facility, real estate issues, limited capacity or other 
reasons, could adversely affect our business and operating results. As a result of our increasing the domestic supply chain 
operating margin, we could experience a decline in our domestic supply chain sales or our franchisees may choose to 
source non-core products from other suppliers, which would impact the profitability of our QC Centers.
Our current insurance may not be adequate and we may experience claims in excess of our reserves.
Our insurance programs for workers’ compensation, owned and non-owned automobiles, general liability, property, cyber 
insurance, and health insurance coverage provided to our employees are funded by the Company up to certain retention 
levels under our retention programs. Retention limits generally range up to $0.5 million with even higher retention limits 
for certain types of coverage. These insurance programs may not be adequate to protect us, and it may be difficult or 
impossible to obtain additional coverage or maintain current coverage at a reasonable cost. We also have experienced 
claims volatility and high costs for our insurance programs. We estimate loss reserves based on historical trends, actuarial 
assumptions and other data available to us, but we may not be able to accurately estimate reserves. If we experience claims 
in excess of our projections, our business could be negatively impacted. Our franchisees could be similarly impacted by 
higher claims experience, hurting both their operating results and/or limiting their ability to maintain adequate insurance 
coverage at a reasonable cost.
Risks Related to our Indebtedness
We have incurred substantial debt obligations, which could adversely affect our financial condition, and we may incur 
more indebtedness, including secured debt, and take other actions that could further exacerbate the risks associated with 
our substantial indebtedness or affect our ability to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness.
Our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2023 was $764.0 million, which was comprised of $400.0 million outstanding 
under our 3.875% senior notes due 2029 (the “Notes”) and $364.0 million under our revolving credit facility (the “PJI 
Revolving Facility”) that forms part of our amended and restated credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”). We had 
approximately $236.0 million of remaining availability under the PJI Revolving Facility as of December 31, 2023. 
Our substantial level of indebtedness could have important consequences, including the following:
•
require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, 
thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, growth 
opportunities, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
19

--------------------------------------------------
Page 21:
•
increase our vulnerability to and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, the 
industry in which we operate, regulatory and economic conditions;
•
expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as borrowings under our Credit Agreement will be subject to 
variable rates of interest;
•
increase our vulnerability to a downgrade of our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, 
liquidity and access to capital markets;
•
place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and
•
limit our ability to borrow additional funds.
We expect to fund our expenses and to pay the principal of and interest on our indebtedness from cash flow from 
operations. Our ability to fund our expenses and to pay principal of and interest on our indebtedness when due thus 
depends on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors. We will not 
be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions in the markets where we operate and pressure from 
competitors.
In addition, subject to restrictions in the agreements governing our existing and any future indebtedness, we may incur 
additional indebtedness in the future, resulting in higher leverage. The Indenture and the Credit Agreement allow us to 
incur additional indebtedness, including secured debt. Such additional indebtedness may be substantial. Our ability to 
recapitalize, incur additional debt and take a number of other actions that are not prohibited by the Indenture or the Credit 
Agreement could have the effect of exacerbating the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness or diminishing our 
ability to make payments on our substantial indebtedness when due, which would reduce the availability of cash flow to 
fund acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures, other growth opportunities and other general corporate purposes. 
In addition, increasing or elevated prevailing interest rates will increase the costs of our indebtedness if we incur additional 
indebtedness or refinance our existing indebtedness at higher rates.
The agreements governing our debt, including the Indenture governing our Notes and the Credit Agreement, contain 
various covenants that impose restrictions on us. 
The Indenture and the Credit Agreement impose operating and financial restrictions on our activities. In particular, such 
agreements limit or prohibit our ability to, among other things:
•
incur additional indebtedness;
•
make certain investments;
•
sell assets, including capital stock of certain subsidiaries;
•
declare or pay dividends, repurchase or redeem stock or make other distributions to stockholders;
•
consolidate, merge, liquidate or dissolve;
•
enter into transactions with our affiliates; and
•
incur liens.
In addition, our Credit Agreement requires us to maintain compliance with specified leverage ratios under certain 
circumstances. Our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by our business performance or events beyond 
our control, and these provisions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions, meet capital needs or 
otherwise conduct our business activities and plans.
These restrictions on our ability to operate our business could seriously harm our business by, among other things, limiting 
our ability to take advantage of financing, merger and acquisition and other corporate opportunities. 
Furthermore, various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these 
covenants. Failure to comply with any of the covenants in our existing or future financing agreements could result in a 
default under those agreements and under other agreements containing cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions, and 
could increase the costs or availability of credit for us. Such a default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the 
debt under these agreements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. Under these circumstances, we might 
not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition, the limitations imposed by 
financing agreements on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other actions might significantly impair our ability 
to obtain other financing. We cannot assure you that we will be granted waivers or amendments to these agreements if for 
any reason we are unable to comply with these agreements or that we will be able to refinance our debt on terms acceptable 
to us, or at all.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
20

--------------------------------------------------
Page 22:
We are exposed to variable interest rates under our Credit Agreement, and increases in interest rates would also increase 
our debt service costs and could have a material negative impact our profitability.
We are exposed to variable interest rates under the Credit Agreement. We have entered into interest rate swaps that fix a 
portion of our variable interest rate risk. However, by using a derivative instrument to hedge exposures to changes in 
interest rates, we also expose ourselves to credit risk. Credit risk is due to the possible failure of the counterparty to 
perform under the terms of the derivative contract.
General Risks
Natural disasters, hostilities, social unrest, severe weather and other catastrophic events may disrupt our operations or 
supply chain. 
The occurrence of a natural disaster, hostilities, cyber-attack, social unrest, terrorist activity, outbreak of an epidemic, a 
pandemic or other widespread health crisis, power outages, severe weather (such as tornados, hurricanes, blizzards, ice 
storms, floods, heat waves, etc.) or other catastrophic events may disrupt our operations or supply chain and result in the 
closure of our restaurants (Company-owned or franchised), our corporate offices, any of our QC Centers or the facilities of 
our suppliers, and can adversely affect consumer spending, consumer confidence levels and supply availability and costs, 
any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
Climate change may have an adverse impact on our business.
We operate in 50 countries globally and recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is 
conducted. For example, as we noted above, the supply and price of our food ingredients can be affected by multiple 
factors, such as weather and water supply quality and availability, which factors may be caused by or exacerbated by 
climate change. While we believe our geographic diversity is likely to lessen the impact of individual climate-change 
related events on our financial results, our restaurants and operations may nonetheless be vulnerable to the adverse effects 
of climate change, which are predicted to increase the frequency and severity of weather events and other natural cycles 
such as wildfires, floods and droughts. Such events have the potential to disrupt our and our franchisees’ operations, cause 
restaurant closures, disrupt the business of our third-party suppliers and impact our customers, all of which may cause us to 
suffer losses and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. 
Increasingly complex laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. 
We operate in an increasingly complex regulatory environment, and the cost of regulatory compliance is increasing. Our 
failure, or the failure of any of our franchisees, to comply with applicable U.S. and international labor, health care, food, 
health and safety, consumer protection, franchise, anti-bribery and corruption, competition, environmental, and other laws 
may result in civil and criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties. Enforcement of existing laws and regulations, 
changes in legal requirements, and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased 
compliance costs and create other obligations, financial or otherwise, that could adversely affect our business, financial 
condition or operating results. Increased regulatory scrutiny of food matters, online advertising, product marketing claims, 
mandatory fees, and increased litigation and enforcement actions may increase compliance and legal costs and create other 
obligations that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. Governments may also impose 
requirements and restrictions that impact our business. For example, some state and local governments have implemented 
laws and ordinances that restrict the sale of certain food and drink products, the type of packaging and utensils that may be 
used, or the manner in which mandatory fees are disclosed to consumers. 
Compliance with new or additional Domestic and International government data protection laws or regulations, including 
but not limited to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”), the UK GDPR and DPA 2018, 
as amended, the Canada Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the California 
Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), The California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), the 
Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”), the Virginia Consumer Data 
Protection Act (“VCDPA”), and several other data privacy and biometric laws passed or enacted by U.S. states, which 
could increase costs for compliance. If we fail to comply with these laws or regulations, it could damage our brand and 
subject the Company to reputational damage, significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions or 
fines in various jurisdictions. For example, a failure to comply with the EU GDPR could result in fines up to the greater of 
€20 million or 4% of annual global revenues. 
There also has been increased stakeholder focus, including by US and foreign governmental authorities, investors, media 
and non-governmental organizations, on environmental sustainability matters, such as climate change, the reduction of 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
21

--------------------------------------------------
Page 24:
security could harm our business and revenues due to the reputational damage to our brand. Such an incident could also 
result in litigation, regulatory actions or investigations, penalties, and other significant costs to us and have a material 
adverse effect on our financial results. These costs could be significant and well in excess of, or not covered by, our cyber 
insurance coverage. Significant costs could be required to investigate security incidents, remedy cybersecurity problems, 
recover lost data, prevent future incidents and adapt systems and practices to react to the changing cyber environment. 
These include costs associated with notifying affected individuals and other agencies, additional security technologies, 
training, personnel, and experts. These costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in 
the period in which they are incurred, including by interfering with the pursuit of other important business strategies and 
initiatives, and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems. 
Media or other reports of existing or perceived security vulnerabilities in our systems or those of our third-party vendors 
can also adversely impact our brand and reputation and materially impact our business. Additionally, the techniques and 
sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and compromise information technology systems, as well as the sources and 
targets of these attacks, change frequently and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in 
place for a period of time.
We have been and will continue to be subject to various types of investigations and litigation, including collective and class 
action litigation, which could subject us to significant damages or other remedies. 
We are subject to the risk of investigations and litigation from various parties, including vendors, customers, franchisees, 
state and federal agencies, stockholders and employees. From time to time, we are involved in a number of lawsuits, 
claims, investigations, and proceedings consisting of securities, antitrust, intellectual property, employment, consumer, data 
privacy, personal injury, corporate governance, commercial and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. 
We have been subject to claims in cases containing collective and class action allegations. Plaintiffs in these types of 
lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss and defense 
costs relating to such lawsuits may not be accurately estimated. Litigation trends involving personal injury, employment 
law, intellectual property, data privacy, and the relationship between franchisors and franchisees may increase our cost of 
doing business. We evaluate all of the claims and proceedings involving us to assess the expected outcome, and where 
possible, we estimate the amount of potential losses to us. In many cases, particularly collective and class action cases, we 
may not be able to estimate the amount of potential losses and/or our estimates may prove to be insufficient. These 
assessments are made by management based on the information available at the time made and require the use of a 
significant amount of judgment, and actual outcomes or losses may materially differ. Regardless of whether any claims 
against us are valid, or whether we are ultimately held liable, such litigation may be expensive to defend and may divert 
resources away from our operations and negatively impact results of operations. Further, we may not be able to obtain 
adequate insurance to protect us from these types of litigation matters or extraordinary business losses.
We may be subject to harassment or discrimination claims and legal proceedings. Our Code of Ethics and Business 
Conduct policies prohibit harassment and discrimination in the workplace, in any form. To monitor and enforce these 
policies, we have ongoing programs for workplace training and compliance, and we investigate and take disciplinary action 
with respect to alleged violations. Nevertheless, actions by our team members could violate those policies. Franchisees and 
suppliers are also required to comply with all applicable laws and govern themselves with integrity. Any violations (or 
perceived violations) by our franchisees or suppliers could have a negative impact on consumer perceptions of us and our 
business and create reputational or other harm to the Company. 
We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could negatively affect our results of 
operations. 
We depend on the Papa John’s brand name and rely on a combination of trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and similar 
intellectual property rights to protect and promote our brand. We believe the success of our business depends on our 
continued ability to exclusively use our existing marks to increase brand awareness and further develop our brand, both 
domestically and abroad. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, and we may be required 
to pursue litigation to prevent consumer confusion and preserve our brand’s high-quality reputation. Litigation could result 
in high costs and diversion of resources, which could negatively affect our results of operations, regardless of the outcome.
We may be subject to impairment charges.
Impairment charges are possible due to the nature and timing of decisions we make about underperforming assets or 
markets, or if previously opened or acquired restaurants perform below our expectations. This could result in a decrease in 
our reported asset value and reduction in our net income. 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
23

--------------------------------------------------
Page 25:
We operate globally and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our results.
We operate globally and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our results. We have international operations and 
generate substantial revenues and profits in foreign jurisdictions. The Domestic and International tax environments 
continue to evolve as a result of tax changes in various jurisdictions in which we operate and changes in the tax laws in 
certain countries, including the United States, could impact our future operating results. A significant increase in the U.S. 
corporate tax rate could negatively impact our financial results.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
Papa Johns’ cybersecurity program includes a defense-in-depth model that utilizes a variety of techniques and tools for 
protecting against, detecting, responding to and recovering from cybersecurity incidents. Our cybersecurity program is 
designed to prioritize detection, analysis and response to known and anticipated cyber threats, effective management of 
cyber risks, and resilience against cybersecurity incidents. Our program leverages industry frameworks, including the 
Payment Card Industry Standards (PCI) and the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity 
Framework (CSF).
Cybersecurity Governance
At Papa Johns, the Company’s cybersecurity strategy and risk management is overseen by the Board of the Directors (the 
“Board”) through its Audit Committee and implemented and managed by the Company’s Cyber Oversight Group, a cross-
functional team of senior management. 
Board Governance
The Audit Committee and the Board consider cybersecurity part of the Company’s overall enterprise risk management 
(“ERM”) function, which the Audit Committee oversees. The Audit Committee and the Board consider cybersecurity as 
part of the Company’s business strategy, financial planning, and capital allocation. 
The Audit Committee oversees our information security program, which includes oversight of our cybersecurity program 
and cybersecurity risks. As part of its oversight responsibility, and pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee reviews 
with management and reports to the full Board with respect to significant information security matters and risks and 
management’s actions to monitor and address identified issues. The Internal Audit team meets monthly with the VP, 
Information Security and Compliance officer along with key IT leadership to discuss open cyber or data security risks.  
This effort is to ensure items of risk are addressed and resolved in a timely manner.  The Audit Committee receives updates 
from the Company’s Chief Insights and Technology Officer (“CITO”), VP, Information Security and Compliance, and/or 
members of our executive leadership team. Management also reports to the full Board at least annually regarding a 
comprehensive overview and status of the Company’s information security program. The Audit Committee is also apprised 
of cybersecurity incidents consistent with the provisions of our cybersecurity incident response plan (“IRP”) pertaining to 
escalation of more significant incidents.
Management Governance
The controls and processes employed to assess, identify and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats are 
implemented and overseen by our Cyber Oversight Group, led by our CITO and VP, Information Security and Compliance. 
Our CITO leverages his decades of experience as an IT professional with significant expertise in enterprise architecture, 
engineering, analytics and digital technology. In addition, our VP, Information Security and Compliance has over 20 years 
of experience as a Chief Information Security Officer in multiple industries and has received Certified Information Security 
Manager (CISM) and Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC) certifications. Our CITO and VP, 
Information Security and Compliance are responsible for the day-to-day management of the cybersecurity program, 
including the prevention, detection, investigation, and response to cybersecurity threats and incidents and are regularly 
engaged to help ensure the cybersecurity program functions effectively in the face of evolving cybersecurity threats.
Members of our Cyber Oversight Group also include our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Legal and Risk Officer, Senior 
Director of Internal Audit and technology and data privacy in-house counsel. The Cyber Oversight Group is also tasked 
with reporting to the Audit Committee on cybersecurity risk management strategies, as well as any significant 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
24

--------------------------------------------------
Page 32:
PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
Securities
Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Market tier of The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol 
“PZZA.” As of February 22, 2024, there were 1,326 record holders of our common stock. However, there are significantly 
more beneficial owners of our common stock than there are record holders. 
On January 30, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a first quarter 2024 dividend of $0.46 per common share. The 
dividend was paid on February 23, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 12, 2024. 
We anticipate continuing the payment of quarterly cash dividends. The actual amount of such dividends is subject to 
declaration by our Board of Directors and will depend upon future earnings, results of operations, capital requirements, our 
financial condition, contractual restrictions, including the terms of the agreements governing our debt and any future 
indebtedness we may incur and other relevant factors. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to pay 
quarterly cash dividends at the current rate or at all.
On October 28, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program with an indefinite duration for up to 
$425.0 million of the Company’s common stock. In fiscal 2023, approximately 2,523,000 shares with an aggregate cost of 
$209.6 million and an average price of $83.10 per share were repurchased under our share repurchase program. This 
includes the repurchase of approximately 2.2 million shares from certain funds affiliated with, or managed by, Starboard 
Value LP; refer to “Note 6. Stockholders’ Deficit” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional details. 
Funding for the share repurchase program was provided through our operating cash flows and cash provided from 
borrowings under our $600.0 million revolving credit facility (the “PJI Revolving Facility”). 
The following table summarizes our repurchase activity by fiscal period during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 
2023 (in thousands, except per share amounts):
Fiscal Period
Total
Number
of Shares
Purchased
Average
Price
Paid per
Share
Total Number
of Shares 
Purchased
as Part of 
Publicly
Announced Plans
or Programs
Maximum Dollar
Value of Shares
that May Yet Be
Purchased Under 
the
Plans or 
Programs
9/25/2023 - 10/22/2023
—
$ 
— 
—
$ 
90,160 
10/23/2023 - 11/19/2023
—
 
— 
—
 
90,160 
11/20/2023 - 12/31/2023
—
 
— 
—
 
90,160 
Total
—
$ 
— 
—
$ 
90,160 
We did not repurchase any shares subsequent to year-end. Approximately $90.2 million remained available under the 
Company’s share repurchase program as of February 22, 2024.
The Company utilizes a written trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
from time to time to facilitate the repurchase of shares of our common stock under this share repurchase program. There 
can be no assurance that we will repurchase shares of our common stock either through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or 
otherwise.
The information required by Item 5 with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is 
incorporated herein by reference to Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
31

--------------------------------------------------
Page 33:
Stock Performance Graph 
The following performance graph compares the cumulative shareholder return of the Company’s common stock for the 
five-year period between December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2023 to (i) the Nasdaq U.S. Benchmark TR Index and (ii) 
a group of the Company’s peers consisting of U.S. companies listed on Nasdaq with standard industry classification (SIC) 
codes 5800-5899 (eating and drinking places). Management believes the companies included in this peer group 
appropriately reflect the scope of the Company’s operations and match the competitive market in which the Company 
operates. The graph assumes the value of hypothetical investments in the Company’s common stock and in each index was 
$100 on December 30, 2018, and that all dividends were reinvested on the day of issuance. The returns shown are based on 
historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.
Comparison of Cumulative 5-Year Total Shareholder Return
Stock Price Plus Reinvested Dividends
Dec 30, 2018
Dec 29, 2019
Dec 27, 2020
Dec 26, 2021
Dec 25, 2022
Dec 31, 2023
0
100
200
300
400
Papa Johns International, Inc.    
 NASDAQ U.S. Benchmark TR Index    
NASDAQ Stocks (SIC 5800-5899 U.S. Companies) Eating and Drinking
Dec. 29, 2019
Dec. 27, 2020
Dec. 26, 2021
Dec. 25, 2022
Dec. 31, 2023
Papa John’s International, Inc.
$162.33
$223.01
$341.19
$219.66
$203.98
NASDAQ U.S. Benchmark, TR Index
$132.65
$159.01
$200.62
$162.25
$205.01
NASDAQ Stocks - Eating and Drinking
$133.61
$156.46
$176.01
$156.06
$163.78
Item 6. [Reserved]
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
32

--------------------------------------------------
Page 34:
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Introduction and Overview 
The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”) should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and the Risk Factors set forth in Item 1A. 
Risk Factors. 
This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses fiscal 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year 
comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022. Discussion of 2021 items and year-to-
year comparisons between the years ended December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 that are not included in this Form 
10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part 
II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2022. 
Our fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in December of each year. All fiscal years presented consist of 52 weeks except for 
the 2023 fiscal year, which consists of 53 weeks.
Papa John’s International, Inc. (referred to as the “Company,” “Papa John’s,” “Papa Johns” or in the first-person notations 
of “we,” “us” and “our”) began operations in 1984. At December 31, 2023, there were 5,906 Papa John’s restaurants in 
operation, consisting of 648 Company-owned and 5,258 franchised restaurants. Our revenues are derived from retail sales 
of pizza and other food and beverage products to the general public by Company-owned restaurants, franchise royalties, 
and sales of franchise and development rights. Additionally, approximately 50% of our North America revenues in each of 
the last two fiscal years were derived from sales to franchisees of various items including food and paper products from our 
Domestic Quality Control Centers (“QC Centers”), operation of our International QC Center in the United Kingdom, 
contributions received by Papa John’s Marketing Fund, Inc. (“PJMF”) which is our national marketing fund, printing and 
promotional items and information systems equipment, and software and related services. We believe that in addition to 
supporting both Company and franchised profitability and growth, these activities contribute to product quality and 
consistency throughout the Papa John’s system. 
Recent Business Matters 
In 2023, the Company focused on executing strategic priorities and building a foundation for long-term success, while 
navigating a dynamic macroeconomic environment. Our progress and significant transactions during the year are described 
below.
Growth Strategy. The Company delivered its eighteenth consecutive quarter of Global system-wide restaurant sales growth, 
fueled by continued product innovation and expansion both domestically and internationally. We launched the “Back to 
BETTER” initiative in late 2022, which focused on improving operational execution at the restaurant level in order to drive 
better financial performance. We have improved out-the-door times and overall customer satisfaction, and focused on 
increasing orders and optimization. Running BETTER operations is intended to increase customer and employee 
satisfaction, as well as drive customer loyalty. We are seeing improvement in our restaurant level operating margins, and 
we experienced a 3.4% increase in comparable sales for Domestic Company-owned restaurants for 2023. Focusing on 
future growth, we recently announced “Back to BETTER 2.0,” which is comprised of long-term strategic initiatives 
focused on driving systemwide sales through enhancing North America national marketing investment and effectiveness 
and accelerating North America development. In addition, we are evolving our Domestic Commissary business to provide 
cost savings for our franchisees and incremental profit for our business model. 
•
Product innovation: Our menu and digital innovations are an important part of our long-term strategy to drive 
new customers and ticket sales. We focus our menu innovations on products that add both value and variety for 
our customers but do not add complexity to our restaurant operations or to our supply chain. Our menu innovation 
calendar is expansive, flexible and differentiated and allows us to adjust our offerings depending on what 
customers want – whether that is extending a Limited-Time-Offer or building upon existing platforms. We believe 
our digital innovations, like our website, digital app, third-party aggregator partnerships and Papa Call call centers 
are a differentiator for our customers and provide attractive channels that promote customer retention and help us 
grow our customer base. In 2023, approximately 85% of our Domestic transactions came through these digital 
channels. 
•
Marketing strategy: We are activating a new marketing strategy in 2024. Based on a comprehensive review of 
our creative and media strategy, we have identified opportunities to improve audience selection, offer 
differentiated category solutions, improve marketing return on ad spend, sustain loyalty and create cultural buzz. 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
33

--------------------------------------------------
Page 35:
Correspondingly, our franchisees have voted to increase the contribution rate to PJMF by 20%, or 100 basis points 
of sales. This change is intended to increase the productivity of franchisees’ marketing contributions by leveraging 
the scale that national investments deliver. At the same time, we have made local marketing optional for 
franchisees, resulting in a net decrease in required marketing spend and an opportunity to increase the overall 
profitability of restaurants. 
•
Development strategy: Our expanding development pipeline is also a key long-term growth driver as we believe 
there is significant opportunity to offer our differentiated, premium position to more customers globally and 
domestically. In 2023, we expanded our global footprint by 3.7%, with 208 net new units comprised of 57 net unit 
openings in North America and 151 net unit openings in International markets. 
To pursue the significant opportunities we have identified in the U.S. and accelerate development in 2024 and 
beyond, we have designed a new development incentive intended to deliver higher restaurant-level profit margins 
for new restaurants opened in 2024 through a waiver of PJMF contributions during the first five years of 
operations. We are also offering a three-year waiver of PJMF contributions for new restaurants opened in 2025. 
This new incentive is intended to improve profitability for franchisees, add scale in key markets and attract 
growth-driven franchisees.  
We are pleased with the performance of our recently opened restaurants in North America and expect net new unit 
development for North America to increase by more than 20% in 2024 relative to 2023 net unit openings. From an 
International perspective, we are approaching 2024 with caution taking into account the ongoing dynamic 
geopolitical environment. In addition, this year we anticipate an increased number of strategic restaurant closures 
in certain markets which will likely have an impact on our ability to execute on our net new unit development 
goals in the near-term. In 2024, we expect gross openings of more than 100 new International restaurants. 
Additionally, we will evaluate making strategic restaurant closures in markets to improve marketplace health and 
exit unprofitable restaurants. As such, our anticipated gross openings could be offset by the closure of 
underperforming Company-owned and franchised restaurants to enhance long-term profitability. 
•
Domestic commissary growth strategy: To drive profitable growth and overall supply chain productivity that 
provides cost savings and incremental profit for the system, we are evolving our commissary business.   
Beginning in 2024, we will increase the fixed operating margin that Domestic QC Centers charge by 100 basis 
points in each of the next four years, moving from 4% in 2023 to 8% in 2027. In total, this change should equate 
to approximately 100 basis points of cost at the restaurant level. To mitigate this cost for franchisees, we will offer 
new opportunities for franchisees to earn annual incentive-based rebates as they increase volume and open new 
restaurants. Franchisees who increase case-volume purchases at the highest volume growth could realize target 
market rates lower than the current 4% rate. Additionally, we expect the incremental volume driven by increased 
marketing and additional development will reduce the shared supply chain costs across the system. Lastly, we will 
be focused on driving continued productivity throughout the supply chain through improved operations and 
supplier relationships.
•
International strategy: In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company launched several initiatives as part of the 
International Transformation Plan described in Note 16. Restructuring of “Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements” to evolve its international business structure, which resulted in charges of $2.2 million in the fourth 
quarter. These initiatives include the following:
◦
Establish International Regional Hubs – To deliver a frictionless, locally-valued offering with a 
recognizable and consistent customer experience, we are establishing hubs in our key regions – APAC 
(Asia Pacific), EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa), and Latin America. These regional hubs will be 
led by experienced General Managers and their teams who will partner with franchisees to create a 
holistic strategy to boost performance in their markets. These teams will align global best practices in 
operations, marketing and technology with local preferences and needs to accomplish our long-term 
objective of increasing market share in key markets around the world. 
◦
Increase Technology Investments – To further our ability to deliver impactful innovations, targeted 
marketing, and enhanced value in key international markets, we are increasing our investment in 
consumer-facing technology, digital infrastructure and enhanced reporting. By investing in expanded 
ordering capabilities through its website and app and leveraging analytics, we expect to improve 
purchase conversion, increase customer retention and deliver faster consumer insights to franchisees.  
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
34

--------------------------------------------------
Page 36:
◦
Optimize UK Business Model – Over the past two years, the Papa Johns restaurants in the UK have 
experienced declines in sales. As we have navigated a dynamic economic environment and worked 
towards repositioning the market, we established a Company-owned restaurant portfolio in the UK, 
acquiring 118 restaurants in the second and third quarters of 2023. These Company-owned restaurants 
incurred operating losses in 2023. In order to set up our largest international market for long-term 
success, we will continue to focus on driving profitability and strengthening our franchisee base within 
the UK. As a result, multiple low-performing franchised restaurants were closed in the fourth quarter of 
2023. In February 2024, our Board of Directors approved the planned closure of approximately 50 
underperforming Company-owned restaurants in the United Kingdom during the first six months of 
2024. As a result of the planned closures, the Company expects to incur restructuring charges of 
approximately $10.0 million to $15.0 million, which we expect will primarily be comprised of non-cash 
lease and fixed asset impairment charges and will be recognized during 2024 within our International 
segment. We are continuing to evaluate our restaurant portfolio in the UK, which may result in additional 
strategic restaurant closures or divestitures. Future closures would likely result in additional restructuring 
charges comprised primarily of lease, loan, and fixed asset impairment, though the amounts and nature of 
future expenses are currently not estimable as specific actions to effect those closures have not yet been 
determined. The Company currently expects any resulting restructuring costs to be recognized in 2024 
and 2025. See Note “16. Restructuring” and Note “25. Subsequent Events” of “Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements for additional details.
Significant 2022 transactions
Refranchising. In 2022, the Company sold its 51 percent controlling interest in a joint venture between Papa Johns and 
Blue and Silver Ventures, Ltd. (“Blue and Silver Ventures”). Sun Holdings, Inc. (“Sun Holdings”), a leading multi-brand 
franchisee operator and one of Papa John’s largest Domestic franchise partners, assumed control of the 90 Papa John’s 
restaurants in Texas that operated under the joint venture. By strategically refranchising its controlling interests in its joint 
venture with Blue and Silver Ventures to Sun Holdings, the Company provided Sun Holdings substantial scale to support 
new restaurant openings under its current, 100-restaurant development agreement with the Company. This commitment is 
in addition to the 90 refranchised restaurants. As a result, the deal is expected to accelerate the Company’s Domestic 
development, contributing to long-term earnings via high-margin franchise royalty growth. The restaurants were 
consolidated in the Company’s results through the date of the transaction, and their results are included in the Company’s 
North America franchise royalties and fees beginning March 29, 2022. See “Note 22. Divestitures” of “Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements” for further information.
Suspension of Franchisee Support in Russia. The Company has no Company-owned restaurants in Russia or Ukraine. At 
the end of fiscal year 2021, 188 franchised restaurants were located in Russia, all of which were operated and supplied 
through a master franchisee. As of March 2022, Papa John’s suspended its corporate operations and support for franchised 
restaurants in Russia, and fully reserved all receivables from the aforementioned master franchisee. The Company 
recognized $17.4 million in one-time, non-cash charges related to reserves for certain loans and impairments of reacquired 
franchised rights due to the conflict in Ukraine and subsequent international government actions and sanctions, which were 
recorded as Refranchising and impairment loss of $2.8 million and General and administrative expenses of $14.6 million. 
All assets related to the franchised operations in Russia have been fully reserved or impaired, so there are no additional 
Russia related charges for reserves, write-offs, or impairments of amounts recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Presentation of Financial Results
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
The results of operations are based on our Consolidated Financial Statements, which were prepared in conformity with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”). The preparation of Consolidated Financial 
Statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements. A number of our significant accounting policies involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty 
and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. On an 
ongoing basis, our management evaluates its estimates, including those related to insurance reserves, long-lived assets, the 
allowance for credit losses on franchisee notes receivable, and income taxes. Actual results may differ from those 
estimates, and significant changes in assumptions and/or conditions in our critical accounting policies could materially 
impact our operating results. The Company’s significant accounting policies, including recently issued accounting 
pronouncements, are more fully described in “Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies” of “Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements.”
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
35

--------------------------------------------------
Page 37:
We believe that our most critical accounting estimates are:
Insurance Reserves
Our insurance programs for workers’ compensation, owned and non-owned automobiles, general liability and property 
insurance coverage are funded by the Company up to certain retention levels. Retention limits range up to $0.5 million. We 
record the liability for losses based upon undiscounted estimates of the liability for claims incurred and for events that have 
occurred but have not been reported using certain third-party actuarial projections and our historical claims loss experience. 
As of December 31, 2023, our insurance reserves were $56.8 million compared to $67.3 million at December 25, 2022. 
Reserves are included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets. Our insurance reserves primarily relate to auto liability and workers’ compensation claims and include the 
gross up of claims above our retention levels, with a corresponding receivable recorded in Prepaid expenses and other 
current assets and Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The insurance reserves represent the mid-point of the 
range as determined by our actuarial analysis, which considered various actuarial valuation methodologies. The 
determination of the recorded insurance reserves is highly complex due to the significant uncertainty in the potential value 
of reported claims and the number and potential value of incurred but not reported claims. 
Property and Equipment, Net and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
We record property and equipment at its historical cost, which includes all costs necessarily incurred to bring the asset to 
the condition and location necessary for its intended use. Purchases of property and equipment were $76.6 million in 2023, 
$78.4 million in 2022, and $68.6 million in 2021. Property and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their 
useful lives, which are based on management’s estimates of the period over which the assets provide a benefit to the 
Company. The useful lives are estimated based on historical experience with similar assets as well as other information 
regarding condition and utility of the assets. Our asset useful lives are generally five to ten years for restaurant, 
commissary, and other equipment, twenty to forty years for buildings and improvements, and five years for technology, 
communication assets, and capitalized software. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their estimated 
useful lives or the term of the respective lease, including the first renewal period (generally five to ten years). Depreciation 
expense was $54.3 million in 2023, $45.6 million in 2022 and $43.0 million in 2021.
We evaluate property and equipment and other long-lived assets (primarily right-of-use operating lease assets) for potential 
indicators of impairment at least annually, or as facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may 
not be recoverable. We perform these assessments at the operating market level, as this represents the lowest level for 
which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. If we determine there 
are indicators of impairment, we compare the net carrying value of the asset group to the projected undiscounted cash flows 
to be generated from the use of the asset group. If the carrying amount of the long-lived asset group exceeds the amount of 
estimated future undiscounted cash flows, then we estimate the fair value of the asset group and record an impairment loss 
if the carrying value exceeds fair value. If indicators of impairment are present, calculating projected undiscounted cash 
flows requires management to make assumptions and estimates for factors that include future comparable sales growth and 
gross margin based on internal projections as well as the historical performance of the market and whether that is an 
indicator of future performance. These assumptions for future growth are subjective and may be negatively impacted by 
future changes in operating performance or economic conditions. We did not record any impairment losses on property and 
equipment during 2023 or 2021, and recognized lease impairment charges of $0.9 million in 2022 related to the termination 
of a specific and significant franchisee in the UK.
Allowance for Credit Losses on Franchisee Notes Receivable
The Company has provided financing (recorded as notes receivable) to select Domestic and International franchisees 
principally for use in the construction and development of their restaurants and for the purchase of restaurants from the 
Company or other franchisees. Most notes receivable bear interest at fixed or floating rates and are generally secured by the 
assets of each restaurant and the ownership interests in the franchise. The Company has also provided long-term financing 
to certain franchisees with royalty payment plans.
The Company establishes an allowance for credit losses on franchisee notes receivables based on management’s estimate 
of the lifetime expected loss on the notes. The allowance for credit losses on notes receivable is judgmental and subjective 
based on management’s evaluation of historical collection experience and external market data and other factors, including 
those related to current market conditions and events. The Company is provided collateral rights of the franchisee’s 
restaurants (e.g., underlying franchise business, property and equipment) and personal guarantees from the operators to 
recover the carrying value of the outstanding note receivable in the event collectability concerns arise. Therefore, the 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
36

--------------------------------------------------
Page 38:
Company considers the fair value of the underlying collateral rights (e.g., underlying franchisee business, property and 
equipment) and any guarantees when assessing the allowance for credit losses (which may require third-party valuations of 
fair value). Notes receivable balances are charged off against the allowance after recovery efforts have ceased. 
Franchisee notes receivable was $33.6 million with an allowance for credit losses of $16.1 million as of December 31, 
2023 compared to $42.6 million with an allowance for credit losses of $14.5 million as of December 25, 2022. See “Note 
10. Allowance for Credit Losses” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for further information.
Income Tax Accounts and Tax Reserves
Papa John’s is subject to income taxes in the United States and several foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is 
required in determining Papa John’s provision for income taxes and the related assets and liabilities. The provision for 
income taxes includes income taxes paid, currently payable or receivable and those deferred. Deferred tax assets and 
liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are 
measured using enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences reverse. Deferred tax 
assets are also recognized for the estimated future effects of tax attribute carryforwards (e.g., net operating losses, capital 
losses, and foreign tax credits). The effect on deferred taxes of changes in tax rates is recognized in the period in which the 
new tax rate is enacted. 
Valuation allowances are established when necessary on a jurisdictional basis to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts 
we expect to realize and were $37.6 million and $32.1 million as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, 
respectively. The determination as to whether a deferred tax asset will be realized is based on the evaluation of historical 
profitability, future market growth, future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary 
differences and tax planning strategies. The Company assesses deferred taxes and the adequacy or need for a valuation 
allowance on a quarterly basis.
Tax authorities periodically audit the Company. We record reserves and related interest and penalties for identified 
exposures as income tax expense. We evaluate these issues and adjust for events, such as statute of limitations expirations, 
court rulings or audit settlements, which may impact our ultimate payment for such exposures. 
In the event the Company is unable to generate future taxable income, there is a material change in the actual effective tax 
rates, the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, or if the tax laws 
change unfavorably, then we could be required to increase the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, resulting in 
an increase in income tax expense and the effective tax rate. We estimate that a one percent change in the effective income 
tax rate would impact the 2023 income tax expense by $1.0 million. See “Note 17. Income Taxes” of “Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information. 
Global Restaurant Sales and Unit Information
“Comparable sales” represents the change in year-over-year sales for the same base of restaurants for the same fiscal 
periods. Comparable sales excludes sales of restaurants that were not open during both the current and prior fiscal periods 
and franchisees for which we suspended corporate support. “Global system-wide restaurant sales” represents total 
restaurant sales for all Company-owned and franchised restaurants open during the comparable periods, and “Global 
system-wide restaurant sales growth (decline)” represents the change in total system restaurant sales year-over-year. Global 
system-wide restaurant sales and global system-wide sales growth (decline) exclude franchisees for which we suspended 
corporate support. 
“Equivalent units” represents the number of restaurants open at the beginning of a given period, adjusted for restaurants 
opened, closed, acquired or sold during the period on a weighted average basis.
We believe North America, International and global restaurant and comparable sales growth (decline) and Global system-
wide restaurant sales information is useful in analyzing our results since our franchisees pay royalties and marketing fund 
contributions that are based on a percentage of franchise sales. Comparable sales and Global system-wide restaurant sales 
results for restaurants operating outside of the United States are reported on a constant dollar basis, which excludes the 
impact of foreign currency translation. Franchise sales also generate commissary revenue in the United States and in certain 
international markets. Franchise restaurant and comparable sales growth information is also useful for comparison to 
industry trends and evaluating the strength of our brand. Management believes the presentation of franchise restaurant sales 
growth, excluding the impact of foreign currency, provides investors with useful information regarding underlying sales 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
37

--------------------------------------------------
Page 39:
trends and the impact of new unit growth without being impacted by swings in the external factor of foreign currency. 
Franchise restaurant sales are not included in the Company’s revenues.
Year Ended
Amounts below exclude the impact of foreign currency
December 31, 
2023
December 25, 
2022
Comparable sales growth (decline) (a):
Domestic Company-owned restaurants
 3.4 %
 (1.0) %
North America franchised restaurants
 0.1 %
 1.2 %
North America restaurants
 0.8 %
 0.7 %
International restaurants
 (3.1) %
 (5.3) %
Total comparable sales growth (decline)
 (0.1) %
 (0.8) %
System-wide restaurant sales growth (b):
Domestic Company-owned restaurants
 6.7 %
 1.3 %
North America franchised restaurants
 3.6 %
 2.5 %
North America restaurants
 4.1 %
 2.3 %
International restaurants (c)
 7.7 %
 4.8 %
Total global system-wide restaurant sales growth (c)
 5.0 %
 2.9 %
______________________________
(a) 
Comparable sales growth (decline) in fiscal year 2023 includes a 52-week comparison to fiscal year 2022.
(b) 
System-wide restaurant sales growth includes 53 weeks in fiscal year 2023.
(c) 
The year ended December 25, 2022 excludes the impact of franchisee suspended restaurants.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
38

--------------------------------------------------
Page 41:
Results of Operations
Revenues 
The following table sets forth the various components of Revenues from the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
(Dollars in thousands)
December 31, 
2023
December 25, 
2022
Increase
(Decrease)
Revenues:
Domestic Company-owned restaurant sales
$ 
726,362 $ 
708,389 
 2.5 %
North America franchise royalties and fees
 
144,550  
137,399 
 5.2 %
North America commissary revenues
 
852,361  
869,634 
 (2.0) %
International revenues
 
157,187  
129,903 
 21.0 %
Other revenues
 
255,253  
256,778 
 (0.6) %
Total revenues
$ 
2,135,713 $ 
2,102,103 
 1.6 %
The comparability of results between 2023 and 2022 is impacted by the acquisition of 118 formerly franchised restaurants 
in the UK in the second and third quarters of 2023 (the “UK franchisee acquisitions”) and the refranchising of 90 
restaurants during the second quarter of 2022 (the “2022 refranchising”). The UK franchisee acquisitions impact the 
composition of International revenues and the results of the International segment. Additionally, the 2022 refranchising 
resulted in 90 restaurants moving from Domestic Company-owned restaurants into North America franchising, effective as 
of the second quarter of 2022, impacting revenues for both of these segments. See “Note 24. Acquisitions” and “Note 22. 
Divestitures” of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information on these transactions.
Additionally, results for the year ended December 31, 2023 are not directly comparable with the results for the year ended 
December 25, 2022, as year-over-year comparisons are affected by an additional week of operations in the fourth quarter of 
2023 due to the 53-week fiscal year in 2023. The estimated impact of the Company’s 53rd week on 2023 results has been 
highlighted in the discussion below to enhance comparability between the periods.
Total revenues increased $33.6 million, or 1.6% to $2.14 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023, as compared to the 
prior year. Revenues for the 53rd week of operations in 2023 contributed approximately $41 million, or an increase of 
1.9%. Other increases include a $31 million increase from our Domestic Company-owned restaurants, a $3 million increase 
in North America franchise royalties and a $24 million increase in International revenues primarily related to the UK 
franchisee acquisitions. These increases were offset by a $44 million decrease in North America commissary revenues 
reflecting lower commodity prices and transaction volume in 2023, a $3.4 million decrease primarily resulting from the 
sale of Preferred Marketing and a $17.8 million decrease resulting from the 2022 refranchising.  
Domestic Company-owned restaurant sales increased $18.0 million, or 2.5% for the year ended December 31, 2023 
compared to the prior year. The benefit of the 53rd week of operations in 2023 was approximately $14 million, and 2022 
included revenues of $27.3 million from the restaurants that were part of the 2022 refranchising. Excluding the impact of 
the 2022 refranchising and the additional week in 2023, Domestic Company-owned restaurant sales would have increased 
$31 million, or 4.6%, primarily due to increased comparable sales of 3.4% and equivalent unit growth of 1.0% for the year 
ended December 31, 2023. 
North America franchise royalties and fees increased $7.2 million, or 5.2% for the year ended December 31, 2023 
compared to the prior year. The benefit of the 53rd week of operations in 2023 was approximately $3 million. The 2023 
increase resulting from the 2022 refranchising was $1.4 million. Excluding the 2022 refranchising and the additional week, 
North America franchise royalties and fees would have increased approximately $3 million, or 2.0% for the year ended 
December 31, 2023 primarily due to positive comparable sales of 0.1%, equivalent unit growth of 2.5% and fewer royalty 
waivers in 2023. 
North America franchise restaurant sales, excluding the impact of the 2022 refranchising, increased 3.4% to $3.09 billion 
($3.03 billion on a 52-week basis) for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the prior year. North America 
franchise restaurant sales are not included in Company revenues; however, our North America franchise royalties are 
derived from these sales.
North America commissary revenue decreased $17.3 million or 2.0% for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 
the prior year. The benefit from the 53rd week of operations was approximately $19 million, or 2%. The impact of the 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
40

--------------------------------------------------
Page 42:
2022 refranchising was an increase in 2023 of $8.2 million. Excluding the impact of the 2022 refranchising and the 53rd 
week, North America commissary revenue decreased approximately $44 million, or a decline of 5.0% for the year ended 
December 31, 2023. The decline in North America commissary revenues was primarily a result of lower commodity prices, 
primarily poultry, cheese and wheat, in addition to lower volumes. 
International revenues increased $27.3 million, or 21.0% for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the prior year. 
The benefit of the 53rd week of operations in 2023 was approximately $4 million. The impact of the UK franchisee 
acquisitions was a net increase of approximately $20.3 million in 2023, representing sales attributable to the acquired UK 
franchisee restaurants less prior year franchise royalty and food distribution revenue generated from the UK formerly 
franchised restaurants. Excluding the impact of the UK franchisee acquisitions and the additional week, revenues would 
have increased approximately $3 million, or 2.9% primarily due to new unit development in 2023 and positive foreign 
currency fluctuations. These increases were partially offset by a comparable sales decline of 3.1% in International markets.  
International franchise restaurant sales increased $21.1 million to $1.19 billion ($1.16 billion on a 52-week basis) for the 
year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $1.17 billion for the prior year. Excluding the impact of the UK franchisee 
acquisitions, the previously disclosed franchisee suspended restaurants, and foreign currency fluctuations, International 
franchise restaurant sales increased $88.3 million or 7.9% for the year ended December 31, 2023. International franchise 
restaurant sales are not included in Company revenues; however, our International royalty revenue is derived from these 
sales. 
Other revenues, which primarily includes our national marketing fund, online and mobile ordering business and our 
previously wholly-owned print and promotions subsidiary, decreased $1.5 million, or 0.6% in 2023. The benefit of the 53rd 
week of operations was approximately $2 million, and the impact of the UK franchisee acquisitions decreased Other 
revenues by $3.2 million in 2023. Excluding the impact of the UK franchisee acquisitions and the additional week, Other 
revenues would have been flat as increased technology services from higher comparable sales and equivalent units were 
offset by the sale of our previously wholly-owned print and promotions subsidiary, Preferred Marketing, in the fourth 
quarter of 2023. See “Note 22. Divestitures” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information.
Costs and Expenses
The following table sets forth the various components of Costs and expenses from the Consolidated Statements of 
Operations, expressed as a percentage of the associated revenue component.
(Dollars in thousands)
Year Ended
December 31, 
2023
% of 
Related
Revenues
December 25, 
2022
% of 
Related
Revenues
Increase 
(Decrease) 
in % of 
Revenues
Costs and expenses:
Operating costs (excluding depreciation and 
amortization shown separately below):
Domestic Company-owned restaurant expenses
$ 
587,889 
 80.9 % $ 
585,307 
 82.6 %
 (1.7) %
North America commissary expenses
 
787,554 
 92.4 %  
811,446 
 93.3 %
 (0.9) %
International expenses
 
103,198 
 65.7 %  
76,001 
 58.5 %
 7.2 %
Other expenses
 
235,483 
 92.3 %  
238,810 
 93.0 %
 (0.7) %
General and administrative expenses
 
210,357 
 9.8 %  
217,412 
 10.3 %
 (0.5) %
Depreciation and amortization
 
64,090 
 3.0 %  
52,032 
 2.5 %
 0.5 %
Total costs and expenses
 
1,988,571 
 93.1 %  
1,981,008 
 94.2 %
 (1.1) %
Refranchising and impairment loss
 
— 
 — %  
(12,065) 
 (0.6) %
 0.6 %
Operating income
$ 
147,142 
 6.9 % $ 
109,030 
 5.2 %
 1.7 %
Total costs and expenses were approximately $1.99 billion, or 93.1% of total revenues in 2023, as compared to $1.98 
billion, or 94.2% of total revenues for the prior year. This decrease in total costs and expenses, as a percentage of revenues, 
was primarily due to the following:
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
41

--------------------------------------------------
Page 43:
Domestic Company-owned restaurant expenses were $587.9 million, or 80.9% of related revenues in 2023, compared to 
expenses of $585.3 million, or 82.6% of related revenues for the prior year. The expenses, as a percentage of revenues, 
decreased 1.7% in 2023 primarily due to a reduction in food costs attributable to lower commodities prices.
North America commissary expenses were $787.6 million, or 92.4% of related revenues in 2023, compared to $811.4 
million, or 93.3% of related revenues, for the prior year. The expenses, as a percentage of revenues, decreased 0.9% 
primarily due to lower commodities prices, principally related to poultry, cheese and wheat costs. 
International expenses were $103.2 million, or 65.7% of related revenues, for 2023 compared to $76.0 million, or 58.5% of 
related revenues for the prior year. International expenses increased in 2023 as a result of the UK franchisee acquisitions, 
partially offset by declining commodity prices at our International commissary. 
Other expenses were $235.5 million, or 92.3% of related revenues in 2023, as compared to $238.8 million, or 93.0% of 
related revenues for the prior year. 
General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative (“G&A”) expenses were $210.4 million, or 9.8% of total 
revenues for 2023 compared to $217.4 million, or 10.3% of total revenues for the prior year. G&A expenses consisted of 
the following (in thousands):
Year Ended
December 31, 
2023
December 25, 
2022
Administrative expenses (a)
$ 
197,959 $ 
180,159 
UK re-positioning and acquisition-related costs (b)
 
4,243  
5,112 
International restructuring costs (c)
 
2,178  
— 
Middle East related costs (d)
 
868  
— 
Refranchising and impairment losses (e)
 
—  
14,636 
Legal settlement accruals (f)
 
577  
15,000 
Other costs (g)
 
2,017  
1,507 
Other general expenses, net
 
2,515  
998 
General and administrative expenses
$ 
210,357 $ 
217,412 
______________________________
(a) 
The increase in administrative expenses of $17.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the prior year was 
primarily due to higher incentive compensation linked to Company performance, higher labor and benefit costs, professional fees 
and additional costs for our franchisee operators conference held in 2023.
(b)
Represents costs associated with repositioning the UK portfolio of $2.1 million in 2023 and $5.1 million in 2022, primarily related 
to lease and loan impairments and related costs. In 2023, we also incurred $2.1 million of acquisition and transition costs related to 
the UK franchisee acquisitions. 
(c) 
In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company initiated an International restructuring plan. During the period, costs incurred related to 
the restructuring include $1.5 million in severance and compensation costs and $0.7 million in consulting and professional fees. See 
“Note 16. Restructuring” to our “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional details.
(d) 
Represents a one-time non-cash charge of $0.9 million recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to the reserve of certain 
accounts receivable related to the conflict in the Middle East, which were recorded as G&A expense.
(e) 
Represents a one-time non-cash charge of $14.6 million recorded in the first quarter of 2022 related to the reserve of certain loans 
and impairment of reacquired franchised rights related to the conflict in Ukraine and subsequent international government actions 
and sanctions.
(f)
Represents previously disclosed litigation recorded in General and administrative expenses. See “Note 19. Litigation, Commitments 
and Contingencies” to our “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information.
(g) 
Represents severance and related costs associated with the transition of certain executives.
Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense was $64.1 million, or 3.0% of revenues in 2023, as 
compared to $52.0 million, or 2.5% of revenues for the prior year, primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures for 
our technology platforms and new restaurants.
Refranchising and Impairment Loss We did not record any refranchising and impairment loss for the year ended 
December 31, 2023, following a $12.1 million refranchising and impairment loss in prior year. The 2022 activity was 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
42

--------------------------------------------------
Page 44:
comprised of an $8.4 million loss on our 2022 refranchising, an impairment loss of $2.8 million for reacquired franchise 
rights due to the financial and operational impact of the conflict in Ukraine and lease impairment charges of $0.9 million 
related to the termination of a significant franchisee in the UK. See “Note 22. Divestitures” of “Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements” for additional information on the 2022 refranchising and the charge related to the conflict in Ukraine. 
Operating Income by Segment
Operating income is summarized in the following table on a reporting segment basis. Adjusted operating income, a non-
GAAP measure, is presented below. See “Non-GAAP Measures” for a reconciliation to the most comparable U.S. GAAP 
measure. We believe this non-GAAP measure is important for comparability purposes. 
 (In thousands)
Year Ended December 31, 2023
Year Ended December 25, 2022
Reported
(a)
Adjustments
Adjusted
Reported
(a)
Adjustments
Adjusted
Reported
Increase
(Decrease)
Adjusted
Increase
(Decrease)
Domestic 
Company-owned 
restaurants
$ 
33,470 $ 
— $ 
33,470 $ 
15,966 $ 
8,412 $ 
24,378 $ 
17,504 $ 
9,092 
North America 
franchising
 
133,800  
—  
133,800  
127,882  
—  
127,882  
5,918  
5,918 
North America 
commissaries
 
43,316  
—  
43,316  
42,531  
—  
42,531  
785  
785 
International
 
11,766  
7,289  
19,055  
17,891  
9,644  
27,535  
(6,125)  
(8,480) 
All others
 
10,116  
—  
10,116  
10,084  
—  
10,084  
32  
32 
Unallocated 
corporate expenses
 
(85,353)  
2,594  
(82,759)  
(104,419)  
30,376  
(74,043)  
19,066  
(8,716) 
Elimination of 
intersegment loss/
(profit)
 
27  
—  
27  
(905)  
—  
(905)  
932  
932 
Total
$ 
147,142 $ 
9,883 $ 
157,025 $ 
109,030 $ 
48,432 $ 
157,462 $ 
38,112 $ 
(437) 
______________________________
(a) 
See “Non-GAAP Measures” below for a detail of the adjustments in each year and for a reconciliation to the most comparable U.S. 
GAAP measure. 
Operating income was $147.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $109.0 million for the prior year, 
an increase of $38.1 million. Adjusted operating income was $157.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 
compared to $157.5 million for the prior year, a decrease of $0.5 million, or 0.3%. The 53rd week contributed 
approximately $8 million to operating income in 2023. The changes in adjusted operating income compared to the prior 
year were primarily due to the following: 
•
Domestic Company-owned restaurants increased $9.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The 53rd 
week of operations contributed approximately $4 million to operating income in 2023. The impact of the 2022 
refranchising decreased the segment’s operating income by $2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
Excluding the impact of the additional week and the 2022 refranchising, Domestic Company-owned restaurants 
would have increased approximately $8 million primarily due to comparable sales growth of 3.4%, partially offset 
by higher benefits and utility expenses. 
•
North America franchising increased $5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The 53rd week of 
operations contributed approximately $3 million to operating income in 2023. The impact of the 2022 
refranchising increased the segment’s operating income by $1.4 million in 2023. Excluding the impact of the 
additional week and the 2022 refranchising, the segment would have increased $2 million primarily due to an 
increase in comparable sales of 0.1%, higher equivalent units of 2.5% and fewer royalty waivers in 2023. 
•
North America commissaries increased $0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The 53rd week of 
operations contributed approximately $1 million to operating income in 2023. The impact of the 2022 
refranchising decreased the segment’s operating income by $0.3 million in 2023. Excluding the additional week 
and the impact of the 2022 refranchising, operating income would have been down $1 million to 2022.  
•
International decreased $8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. The 53rd week of operations 
contributed approximately $0.8 million to operating income during 2023. The impact of the UK franchisee 
acquisitions was a decrease of approximately $9 million in 2023 compared to 2022, driven by 2023 operating 
losses attributable to the recently acquired UK Company-owned restaurants that previously generated royalty 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
43

--------------------------------------------------
Page 45:
income in 2022. Excluding the additional week and the impact of the UK franchisee acquisitions, operating 
income would have increased $1.7 million primarily due to equivalent unit growth, partially offset by comparable 
sales declines of 3.1%. 
•
All Others, which primarily includes our online and mobile ordering business and our marketing funds, were flat 
year over year.
•
Unallocated corporate expenses increased $8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due 
higher incentive compensation and benefits costs, higher insurance costs and higher depreciation expense related 
to our investments in technology support initiatives and additional costs for our operators conference held in 2023.
Items Below Operating Income
The following table sets forth the various items below Operating income from the Consolidated Statements of Operations:
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
Year Ended
December 31, 
2023
December 25, 
2022
Change
Operating income
$ 
147,142 $ 
109,030 $ 38,112 
Net interest expense
 
(43,469)  
(25,261)  (18,208) 
Income before income taxes
 
103,673  
83,769  
19,904 
Income tax expense
 
20,874  
14,420  
6,454 
Net income before attribution to noncontrolling interests
 
82,799  
69,349  
13,450 
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
 
(701)  
(1,577)  
876 
Net income attributable to the Company
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,772 $ 14,326 
Calculation of net income for earnings per share:
Net income attributable to the Company
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,772 $ 14,326 
Dividends paid to participating securities
 
—  
(306)  
306 
Net income attributable to participating securities
 
—  
(104)  
104 
Net income attributable to common shareholders
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,362 $ 14,736 
 
— 
Basic earnings per common share
$ 
2.49 $ 
1.90 $ 
0.59 
Diluted earnings per common share
$ 
2.48 $ 
1.89 $ 
0.59 
Net Interest Expense
Interest expense increased approximately $18.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the prior year, 
primarily due to higher average outstanding debt on our senior secured revolving credit facility (the “PJI Revolving 
Facility”) as well as an increase in borrowing rates in 2023. The higher outstanding debt on our PJI Revolving Facility was 
primarily utilized to finance share repurchases in the first quarter of 2023. Total debt outstanding was $764.0 million and 
$605.0 million as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively. The 53rd week of operations in 2023 
increased interest expense by approximately $0.5 million.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
44

--------------------------------------------------
Page 46:
Income Tax Expense
The effective income tax rate was 20.1% for 2023 and 17.2% for 2022. The effective rate was lower in 2022 due to higher 
excess tax benefits generated by stock option exercises and vesting of restricted shares in 2022 along with a lower pre-tax 
income.
(Dollars in thousands)
Year Ended
December 31, 
2023
December 25, 
2022
Income before income taxes
$ 
103,673 
$ 
83,769 
Income tax expense
$ 
20,874 
$ 
14,420 
Effective tax rate
 20.1 %
 17.2 %
See “Note 17. Income Taxes” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,” for additional information.
Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests - see “Note 9. Noncontrolling Interests” of “Notes to Consolidated 
Financial Statements,” for information.
Diluted Earnings Per Share
Diluted earnings per common share was $2.48 for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $1.89 for the year ended 
December 25, 2022, representing an increase of $0.59. Adjusted diluted earnings per common share, a non-GAAP 
measure, was $2.71 for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to $2.94 for the year ended December 25, 2022, 
representing a decrease of $0.23. See “Non-GAAP Measures” for additional information. These changes were driven by 
the same factors impacting operating income and adjusted operating income as discussed above. In addition, diluted 
earnings per share and adjusted diluted earnings per share reflect higher interest expense compared with 2022 due to higher 
borrowings used to fund share repurchases in the first quarter of 2023. 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
45

--------------------------------------------------
Page 47:
 Non-GAAP Measures 
In addition to the results provided in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we provide certain non-GAAP measures, which present 
results on an adjusted basis. These are supplemental measures of performance that are not required by or presented in 
accordance with U.S. GAAP and include the following: adjusted operating income, adjusted net income attributable to 
common shareholders and adjusted diluted earnings per common share. We believe that our non-GAAP financial measures 
enable investors to assess the operating performance of our business relative to our performance based on U.S. GAAP 
results and relative to other companies. We believe that the disclosure of these non-GAAP measures is useful to investors 
as they reflect metrics that our management team and Board of Directors utilize to evaluate our operating performance, 
allocate resources and administer employee incentive plans. The most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures to 
adjusted operating income, adjusted net income attributable to common shareholders and adjusted diluted earnings per 
common share are operating income, net income attributable to common shareholders and diluted earnings per common 
share, respectively. These non-GAAP measures should not be construed as a substitute for or a better indicator of the 
Company’s performance than the Company’s U.S. GAAP results. The table below reconciles our GAAP financial results to 
our non-GAAP financial measures. 
Year Ended
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
December 31, 
2023
December 25, 
2022
Operating income
$ 
147,142 $ 
109,030 
UK repositioning and acquisition-related costs (a)
 
4,243  
5,223 
International restructuring costs (b)
 
2,178  
— 
Middle East related costs (c)
 
868  
— 
Refranchising and impairment losses (d)
 
—  
26,702 
Legal settlements (e)
 
577  
15,000 
Other costs (f)
 
2,017  
1,507 
Adjusted operating income
 
157,025  
157,462 
Net income attributable to common shareholders
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,362 
UK repositioning and acquisition-related costs (a)
 
4,243  
5,223 
International restructuring costs (b)
 
2,178  
— 
Middle East related costs (c)
 
868  
— 
Refranchising and impairment losses (d)
 
—  
26,702 
Legal settlements (e)
 
577  
15,000 
Other costs (f)
 
2,017  
1,507 
Tax effect of adjustments (g)
 
(2,234)  
(10,897) 
Adjusted net income attributable to common shareholders (h)
 
89,747  
104,897 
Diluted earnings per common share
$ 
2.48 $ 
1.89 
UK repositioning and acquisition-related costs (a)
 
0.13  
0.15 
International restructuring costs (b)
 
0.07  
— 
Middle East related costs (c)
 
0.02  
— 
Refranchising and impairment losses (d)
 
—  
0.75 
Legal settlements (e)
 
0.02  
0.42 
Other costs (f)
 
0.06  
0.04 
Tax effect of adjustments (g)
 
(0.07)  
(0.31) 
Adjusted diluted earnings per common share (h)
$ 
2.71 $ 
2.94 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
46

--------------------------------------------------
Page 48:
(a)
Represents costs associated with repositioning the UK portfolio as well as transaction costs related to the 
acquisition of restaurants from franchisees.
(b) 
In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company initiated an International restructuring plan. During the period, costs 
incurred related to the restructuring include $1.5 million in severance and compensation costs and $0.7 million in 
consulting and professional fees.  
(c) 
Represents a one-time non-cash charge of $0.9 million recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to the reserve 
of certain accounts receivable related to the conflict in the Middle East, which were recorded as G&A expenses.
(d) 
Refranchising and impairment losses consisted of the following pre-tax adjustments: 
(1)         Represents a one-time, non-cash charge of $8.4 million ($0.24 loss per diluted share) recorded in the first 
quarter of 2022 associated with the 2022 refranchising, recorded as Refranchising and impairment loss;
(2)          Represents a one-time non-cash charge of $17.4 million ($0.49 loss per diluted share) recorded in the first 
quarter of 2022 related to the reserve of certain loans and impairment of reacquired franchised rights 
related to the conflict in Ukraine and subsequent international government actions and sanctions, which 
were recorded as Refranchising and impairment loss of $2.8 million and General and administrative 
expenses of $14.6 million;
(3)        An impairment charge of $0.9 million on the right-of-use assets on leases recorded in the third quarter of 
2022 associated with the termination of a significant franchisee in the UK, which was recorded in 
Refranchising and impairment loss. 
(e)
Represents accruals for certain legal settlements recorded in General and administrative expenses.
(f) 
Represents severance and related costs associated with the transition of certain executives incurred during the 
twelve month periods ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022.  
(g)
The tax effect on non-GAAP adjustments was calculated by applying the marginal tax rate of 22.6% and 22.5% 
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively. 
(h)
Amounts shown exclude the impact of allocation of undistributed earnings to participating securities. 
In addition, we present free cash flow in this report, which is a non-GAAP measure. Please see “Liquidity and Capital 
Resources – Free Cash Flow” for a discussion of why we believe free cash flow provides useful information regarding our 
financial condition and results of operations, and a reconciliation of free cash flow to the most directly comparable U.S. 
GAAP measure.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
47

--------------------------------------------------
Page 49:
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources are cash flows from operations and borrowings under the PJI 
Revolving Facility. Our principal uses of cash are operating expenses, capital expenditures, and returning value to our 
shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases. Our capital priorities are:
•
investing for growth
•
maintaining a strong balance sheet, and
•
returning capital to shareholders
The Company believes that its balances of cash and cash equivalents and borrowing capacity, along with cash generated by 
operations, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements, cash dividends, interest payments and share repurchases over 
the next twelve months and beyond.
Cash Flows 
The table below summarizes our cash flows for each of the last two fiscal years (in thousands):
2023
2022
Total cash provided by (used in):
Operating activities
$ 
193,055 $ 
117,808 
Investing activities
 
(75,123)  
(62,793) 
Financing activities
 
(124,076)  
(76,240) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 
(642)  
(2,012) 
Change in cash and cash equivalents
$ 
(6,786) $ 
(23,237) 
Operating Activities
Total cash provided by operating activities was $193.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 
$117.8 million for the prior year. The increase of $75.2 million primarily reflects higher net income in 2023 and favorable 
working capital changes. Favorable working capital changes were principally related to higher incentive compensation 
payments and deferred payroll tax payments related to the CARES Act made during the prior year, as well as current year 
increases in accounts payable due to extension of certain vendor terms within our North America commissary business and 
a reduction in inventory levels during 2023. These favorable changes were partially offset by the provision for allowance 
for credit losses of $20.5 million (See “Note 10. Allowance for Credit Losses” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements”) and refranchising and impairment losses of $12.1 million (discussed above in “Results of Operations”) that 
were incurred during the prior year.
Investing Activities
Total cash used in investing activities was $75.1 million in 2023 compared to $62.8 million in 2022, an increase of 
$12.3 million. The increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to cash proceeds of $13.6 million, net of 
cash transferred, received from the 2022 refranchising during the year ended December 25, 2022, fewer note repayments 
during 2023, and payment of $5.6 million to purchase 37 International and Domestic restaurants during the year ended 
December 31, 2023. This activity was partially offset by a slight reduction in capital expenditures and fewer note issuances 
during 2023.
Financing Activities
Total cash used in financing activities was $124.1 million in 2023 compared to $76.2 million in 2022, an increase of 
$47.8 million. In 2023, cash used for financing activities includes outflows of $210.3 million in share repurchases and 
$58.5 million of dividends paid to common shareholders, partially offset by net borrowings of $159.0 million from the PJI 
Revolving Facility. In 2022, outflows included $125.0 million in share repurchases as well as dividends paid to common 
shareholders of $54.8 million, partially offset by $115.0 million in net borrowings from the PJI Revolving Facility.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
48

--------------------------------------------------
Page 50:
Debt
On September 14, 2021, the Company issued $400.0 million of 3.875% senior notes (the “Notes”) which will mature on 
September 15, 2029. Concurrently with the issuance of the Notes, the Company entered into an amended and restated 
credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) replacing the Company’s previous credit agreement. The Credit Agreement 
provides for the PJI Revolving Facility, a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate available principal amount 
of $600.0 million, of which up to $40.0 million is available as swingline loans and up to $80.0 million is available as letters 
of credit. The PJI Revolving Facility will mature on September 14, 2026. 
Our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2023 was $764.0 million, which was comprised of $400.0 million outstanding 
under the Notes and $364.0 million outstanding under the PJI Revolving Facility. Remaining availability under the PJI 
Revolving Facility was $236.0 million as of December 31, 2023.
The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, require customary 
reporting obligations, and restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, the 
consummation of certain mergers, consolidations, sales of assets and similar transactions, the making of investments, 
equity distributions and other restricted payments, and transactions with affiliates. The Company is also subject to certain 
financial covenants, as shown in the following table, that could restrict or impose constraints on the liquidity of our 
business:
Permitted Ratio
Actual Ratio for the
Year Ended
December 31, 2023
Leverage ratio
Not to exceed 5.25 to 1.0
 
3.2 to 1.0
Interest coverage ratio
Not less than 2.00 to 1.0
 
3.3 to 1.0
Our leverage ratio is defined as outstanding debt divided by Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement), 
for the most recent four fiscal quarters. Our interest coverage ratio is defined as the sum of Consolidated EBITDA and 
consolidated rental expense for the most recent four fiscal quarters divided by the sum of consolidated interest expense and 
consolidated rental expense for the most recent four fiscal quarters. We were in compliance with all financial covenants as 
of December 31, 2023.
In addition, the Indenture governing the Notes contains customary covenants that, among other things and subject to certain 
exceptions, limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness and guarantee 
indebtedness; pay dividends or make other distributions or repurchase or redeem our capital stock; prepay, redeem or 
repurchase certain debt; issue certain preferred stock or similar equity securities; make loans and investments; sell assets; 
incur liens; enter into transactions with affiliates; enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries’ ability to pay 
dividends; and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. 
PJMF, our national marketing fund, has a $30.0 million revolving line of credit (the “PJMF Revolving Facility”) pursuant 
to a Revolving Loan Agreement, dated September 30, 2015 with U.S. Bank National Association, as lender. On September 
30, 2023, the Company amended the PJMF Revolving Facility to, among other items: (i) extend the maturity date to 
September 30, 2024; (ii) amend the variable interest rate to one-month SOFR plus 1.975%; and (iii) expand the capacity 
from $20.0 million to $30.0 million.
The PJMF Revolving Facility is secured by substantially all assets of PJMF. The PJMF Revolving Facility matures on 
September 30, 2024, but is subject to annual amendments. The borrowings under the PJMF Revolving Facility accrue 
interest at a variable rate of the one-month SOFR plus 1.975%. There was no debt outstanding under the PJMF Revolving 
Facility as of December 31, 2023 or December 25, 2022. The PJMF operating results and the related debt outstanding do 
not impact the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement.
See “Note 12. Debt” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for additional information.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
49

--------------------------------------------------
Page 51:
Share Repurchases
As part of our long-term growth and capital allocation strategy, we are committed to investing in share repurchases to 
provide ongoing value and enhanced returns to our shareholders. On October 28, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a 
share repurchase program with an indefinite duration for up to $425.0 million of the Company’s common stock. 
The following table summarizes our repurchase activity for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022:
(In thousands, except average price per share)
Year Ended
Total
Number
of Shares
Purchased
Average
Price
Paid per
 Share
Aggregate
Cost of
Shares
Purchased
Maximum Dollar
Value of Shares
that May Yet Be
Purchased Under the
Plans or Programs
December 31, 2023
2,523
$ 
83.10 $ 
209,640 $ 
90,160 
December 25, 2022
1,343
$ 
93.07 $ 
125,000 $ 
299,800 
We did not repurchase any shares subsequent to December 31, 2023. Approximately $90.2 million remained available 
under the Company’s share repurchase program as of February 22, 2024.
The Company utilizes a written trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
from time to time to facilitate the repurchase of shares of our common stock under this share repurchase program. There 
can be no assurance that we will repurchase shares of our common stock either through a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or 
otherwise.
Dividends
The Company paid aggregate cash dividends to common stockholders of $58.5 million ($1.76 per share) and $54.8 million 
($1.54 per share) for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively.
On January 30, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a first quarter 2024 dividend of $0.46 per common share, 
representing a $15.1 million aggregate dividend that was paid on February 23, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the 
close of business on February 12, 2024. The declaration and payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of 
our Board of Directors.
Free Cash Flow
Free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, is defined as net cash provided by operating activities (from the Consolidated 
Statements of Cash Flows) less the purchases of property and equipment. We view free cash flow as an important financial 
measure because it is one factor that management uses in determining the amount of cash available for discretionary 
investment. Free cash flow is not a term defined by GAAP, and as a result, our measure of free cash flow might not be 
comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Free cash flow should not be construed as a substitute for 
or a better indicator of the Company’s performance than the Company’s GAAP measures. 
The Company’s free cash flow for the last two years was as follows (in thousands):
Year Ended
December 31, 
2023
December 25, 
2022
Net cash provided by operating activities
$ 
193,055 $ 
117,808 
Purchases of property and equipment
(76,620)
(78,391)
Free cash flow
$ 
116,435 $ 
39,417 
Contractual Obligations
The Company’s cash requirements greater than twelve months from contractual obligations and commitments include: 
•
Debt Obligations and Interest Payments: Refer to “Note 12. Debt” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial 
Statements” for further information on our obligations and the timing of expected payments.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
50

--------------------------------------------------
Page 52:
•
Operating and Finance Leases: Refer to “Note 3 Leases” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for 
further information on our obligations and the timing of expected payments. 
We estimate that our capital expenditures during 2024 will be approximately $75.0 million to $85.0 million. This estimate 
includes development of Company-owned restaurants and technology enhancements. We intend to fund our capital 
expenditures with cash generated by operations and borrowings under the PJI Revolving Facility, as necessary.
We guarantee leases for certain Papa Johns North American franchisees who have purchased restaurants that were 
previously Company-owned. We are contingently liable on these leases. The leases have varying terms, the latest of which 
expires in 2036. As of December 31, 2023, the estimated maximum amount of undiscounted payments the Company could 
be required to make in the event of nonpayment by the primary lessees was approximately $7.3 million. 
We have certain other commercial commitments where payment is contingent upon the occurrence of certain events. With 
our insurance programs, we are party to surety bonds with off-balance sheet risk for a total of $20.7 million as of 
December 31, 2023. The surety bond arrangements expire within one year but have automatic renewal clauses. See “Note 
12. Debt” and “Note 19. Litigation, Commitments and Contingencies” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for 
additional information related to contractual and other commitments.
Impact of Inflation
We experienced price increases in food items and other commodities, labor and benefits, and fuel and other energy costs 
during 2022, which began to gradually ease throughout 2023 and which we expect to continue to moderate during 2024. 
Inflationary pressures affect our profitability both directly, in our company-owned restaurants and delivery mechanisms 
and through gross margins experienced by sales of food and supply items via our QC Centers, as well as indirectly, through 
higher food ingredient and paper and supply costs, rising fees from delivery aggregators driven by higher wage demands 
and increases in the cost of gasoline that, once reflected in upward price adjustments on their fees, can exert downward 
pressure on unit sales, reducing royalty fees we realize from our Domestic and International franchisees. Compensating 
menu price increases are subject to competitive pressure in the markets in which we operate. Expense control measures are 
also deployed to offset higher costs when possible. Food costs, in particular the cost of cheese, are managed to an extent by 
pricing agreements with suppliers and forward purchase contracts we enter into, as discussed in “Item 7A. Quantitative and 
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.”
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain matters discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other Company communications that are not statements 
of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Generally, the use 
of words such as “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “will,” “forecast,” “outlook”, “plan,” “project,” or 
similar words identify forward-looking statements that we intend to be included within the safe harbor protections provided 
by the federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements include or may relate to projections or guidance concerning 
business performance, revenue, earnings, cash flow, earnings per share, share repurchases, the current economic 
environment, commodity and labor costs, currency fluctuations, profit margins, supply chain operating margin, net unit 
growth, unit level performance, capital expenditures, restaurant and franchise development, restaurant acquisitions, 
restaurant closures, labor shortages, labor cost increases, inflation, royalty relief, franchisee support and incentives, the 
effectiveness of our menu innovations and other business initiatives, investments in product and digital innovation, 
marketing efforts and investments, liquidity, compliance with debt covenants, impairments, strategic decisions and actions, 
changes to our national marketing fund, changes to our commissary model, dividends, effective tax rates, regulatory 
changes and impacts, investments and repositioning of the UK market, International restructuring, International consumer 
demand, adoption of new accounting standards, and other financial and operational measures. Such statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which are difficult to predict and 
many of which are beyond our control. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those matters 
expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. The risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are involved in our 
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:
•
the ability of the Company to manage challenging macroeconomic conditions in the United States and 
internationally, including the United Kingdom;
•
the ability of the Company to manage staffing and labor shortages at Company and/or franchised restaurants and 
our Quality Control Centers; 
•
increases in labor costs, food costs or sustained higher other operating costs, including as a result of supply chain 
disruption, inflation or climate change; 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
51

--------------------------------------------------
Page 53:
•
the potential for delayed new restaurant openings, both domestically and internationally; 
•
the increased risk of phishing, ransomware and other cyber-attacks; 
•
risks to the global economy and our business related to the conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and other 
international conflicts;
•
increased costs for branding initiatives and launching new advertising and marketing campaigns and promotions 
to boost consumer sentiment and sales trends, and the risk that such initiatives will not be effective;
•
risks related to a possible economic slowdown that could, among other things, reduce consumer spending or 
demand and result in changing consumer practices;
•
risks related to social media, including publicity adversely and rapidly impacting our brand and reputation;
•
aggressive changes in pricing or other marketing or promotional strategies by competitors, which may adversely 
affect sales and profitability; and new product and concept developments by food industry competitors; 
•
changes in consumer preferences or consumer buying habits, including the growing popularity of delivery 
aggregators, as well as changes in general economic conditions or other factors that may affect consumer 
confidence and discretionary spending, including higher unemployment; 
•
the adverse impact on the Company or our results caused by global health concerns, product recalls, food quality 
or safety issues, incidences of foodborne illness, food contamination and other general public health concerns 
about our Company-owned or franchised restaurants or others in the restaurant industry; 
•
the effectiveness of our technology investments and changes in unit-level operations; 
•
the ability of the Company and its franchisees to meet planned growth targets and operate new and existing 
restaurants profitably, including difficulties finding qualified franchisees, restaurant level employees or suitable 
sites; 
•
increases in insurance claims and related costs for programs funded by the Company up to certain retention limits, 
including medical, owned and non-owned vehicles, workers’ compensation, general liability and property; 
•
disruption of our supply chain or commissary operations which could be caused by our sole source of supply of 
mozzarella cheese, desserts, garlic cups or limited source of suppliers for other key ingredients or more generally 
due to weather, natural disasters including drought, disease, or geopolitical or other disruptions beyond our 
control; 
•
increased risks associated with our International operations, including economic and political conditions and risks 
associated with the withdrawal of the UK from the European Union, instability or uncertainty in our international 
markets, especially emerging markets, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, difficulty in meeting planned sales 
targets and new restaurant growth;
•
the impact of current or future claims and litigation and our ability to comply with current, proposed or future 
legislation that could impact our business including compliance with the European Union General Data Protection 
Regulation; 
•
risks related to our indebtedness and borrowing costs, including prolonged higher interest rates, and the current 
state of the credit markets;
•
the Company’s ability to continue to pay dividends to stockholders based upon profitability, cash flows and 
capital adequacy if restaurant sales and operating results decline;
•
our ability to effectively operate and improve the performance of International Company-owned restaurants;
•
disruption of critical business or information technology systems, or those of our suppliers, and risks associated 
with systems failures and data privacy and cybersecurity incidents, including theft of confidential Company, 
employee and customer information, including payment cards; and
•
changes in Federal or state income, general and other tax laws, rules and regulations and changes in generally 
accepted accounting principles.
These and other risk factors are discussed in detail in “Part I. Item 1A. — Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-
K, and they may be updated from time to time in our future reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of future events, new 
information or otherwise, except as required by law.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Interest Rate Risk
We are exposed to the impact of interest rate changes on our PJI Revolving Facility. We attempt to minimize interest rate 
risk exposure by fixing our interest rate through the utilization of interest rate swaps, which are derivative financial 
instruments. Our swaps are entered into with financial institutions that participate in the PJI Revolving Facility. By using a 
derivative instrument to hedge exposures to changes in interest rates, we expose ourselves to credit risk due to the possible 
failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. We do not enter into contracts for trading 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
52

--------------------------------------------------
Page 54:
purposes and do not use leveraged instruments. See “Note 12. Debt” of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” for 
additional information on our debt obligations and derivative instruments.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations from our operations outside of the United States, which can 
adversely impact our revenues, net income and cash flows. Our International operations principally consist of distribution 
sales to franchised Papa John’s restaurants located in the UK, operation of Company-owned restaurants in the UK, and our 
franchise sales and support activities, which derive revenues from sales of franchise and development rights and the 
collection of royalties from our International franchisees. Approximately 7.4% of our 2023 revenues, 6.2% of our 2022 
revenues and 7.3% of our 2021 revenues were derived from these International operations.
We have not historically hedged our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations 
had a favorable impact of approximately $1.7 million on our total revenues in 2023, compared to an unfavorable impact of 
approximately $13.3 million in 2022 and a favorable impact of approximately $8.1 million in 2021. Foreign currency 
exchange rate fluctuations had an unfavorable impact of $0.9 million on our operating income in 2023 compared to an 
unfavorable impact of $2.0 million in 2022 and a favorable impact of $1.4 million in 2021. A 10% adverse change in the 
foreign currency rates for our International markets would result in a negative impact on annual revenue and operating 
income of approximately $14.1 million and $1.9 million, respectively, based on annual revenue and operating income for 
the year ended December 31, 2023. 
Commodity Price Risk
In the ordinary course of business, the food and paper products we purchase, including cheese (our largest ingredient cost), 
are subject to seasonal fluctuations, weather, availability, demand and other factors that are beyond our control. We have 
pricing agreements with some of our vendors, including forward pricing agreements for a portion of our cheese purchases 
for our Domestic Company-owned restaurants, which are accounted for as normal purchases; however, we still remain 
exposed to ongoing commodity volatility, and increases in commodity prices or food costs, including as a result of 
inflation, could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. We have not historically 
entered into other financial instruments that would be accounted for as hedging instruments to manage this risk.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
53

--------------------------------------------------
Page 55:
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42)
Consolidated Financial Statements:
•
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022
•
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and 
December 26, 2021 
•
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 
and December 26, 2021 
•
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and 
December 26, 2021 
•
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and 
December 26, 2021 
•
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
54

--------------------------------------------------
Page 56:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Papa John’s International, Inc.  
Opinion on the Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Papa John’s International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the 
Company) as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, 
comprehensive income, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 
2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the 
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 
31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the 
period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2023, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 29, 2024, expressed an unqualified opinion 
thereon.
Basis for Opinion 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion 
on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB 
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the 
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, 
whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures 
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits 
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as 
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our 
opinion. 
Critical Audit Matter 
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements 
that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or 
disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex 
judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a 
separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
55

--------------------------------------------------
Page 58:
Papa John’s International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
40,587 
$ 
47,373 
Accounts receivable (less allowance for credit losses of $8,353 in 2023 and $6,718 in 2022)
 
104,244 
 
102,533 
Notes receivable, current portion
 
5,199 
 
6,848 
Income tax receivable
 
2,577 
 
8,780 
Inventories
 
36,126 
 
41,382 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
 
42,285 
 
44,123 
Total current assets
 
231,018 
 
251,039 
Property and equipment, net
 
282,812 
 
249,793 
Finance lease right-of-use assets, net
 
31,740 
 
24,941 
Operating lease right-of-use assets
 
164,158 
 
172,425 
Notes receivable, less current portion (less allowance for credit losses of $16,092 in 2023 and $14,499 in 2022)
 
12,346 
 
21,248 
Goodwill
 
76,206 
 
70,616 
Other assets
 
76,725 
 
74,165 
Total assets
$ 
875,005 
$ 
864,227 
Liabilities, Redeemable noncontrolling interests and Stockholders’ deficit
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable
$ 
74,949 
$ 
62,316 
Income and other taxes payable
 
17,948 
 
8,766 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 
158,167 
 
142,535 
Current deferred revenue
 
20,427 
 
21,272 
Current finance lease liabilities
 
9,029 
 
6,850 
Current operating lease liabilities
 
24,076 
 
23,418 
Total current liabilities
 
304,596 
 
265,157 
Deferred revenue
 
20,366 
 
23,204 
Long-term finance lease liabilities
 
24,144 
 
19,022 
Long-term operating lease liabilities
 
151,050 
 
160,905 
Long-term debt, net
 
757,422 
 
597,069 
Other long-term liabilities
 
60,192 
 
68,317 
Total liabilities
 
1,317,770 
 
1,133,674 
Commitments and contingencies (Note 19)
Redeemable noncontrolling interests
 
851 
 
1,217 
Stockholders’ deficit:
Common stock ($0.01 par value per share; issued 49,235 at December 31, 2023 and 49,138 at December 25, 2022)
 
492 
 
491 
Additional paid-in capital
 
452,290 
 
449,829 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 
(7,803)  
(10,135) 
Retained earnings
 
219,027 
 
195,856 
Treasury stock (16,747 shares at December 31, 2023 and 14,402 shares at December 25, 2022, at cost)
 
(1,123,098)  
(922,434) 
Total stockholders’ deficit
 
(459,092)  
(286,393) 
Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries
 
15,476 
 
15,729 
Total Stockholders’ deficit 
 
(443,616)  
(270,664) 
Total Liabilities, Redeemable noncontrolling interests and Stockholders’ deficit
$ 
875,005 
$ 
864,227 
See accompanying notes.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
57

--------------------------------------------------
Page 59:
Papa John’s International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
Year ended
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
December 26,
2021
Revenues:
Domestic Company-owned restaurant sales
$ 
726,362 $ 
708,389 $ 
778,323 
North America franchise royalties and fees
 
144,550  
137,399  
129,310 
North America commissary revenues
 
852,361  
869,634  
761,305 
International revenues
 
157,187  
129,903  
150,771 
Other revenues
 
255,253  
256,778  
248,712 
Total revenues
 
2,135,713  
2,102,103  
2,068,421 
Costs and expenses:
Operating costs (excluding depreciation and amortization shown separately 
below):
Domestic Company-owned restaurant expenses
 
587,889  
585,307  
621,871 
North America commissary expenses
 
787,554  
811,446  
703,622 
International expenses
 
103,198  
76,001  
87,286 
Other expenses
 
235,483  
238,810  
226,320 
General and administrative expenses
 
210,357  
217,412  
212,265 
Depreciation and amortization
 
64,090  
52,032  
48,816 
Total costs and expenses
 
1,988,571  
1,981,008  
1,900,180 
Refranchising and impairment loss
 
—  
(12,065)  
— 
Operating income
 
147,142  
109,030  
168,241 
Net interest expense
 
(43,469)  
(25,261)  
(17,293) 
Income before income taxes
 
103,673  
83,769  
150,948 
Income tax expense
 
20,874  
14,420  
25,993 
Net income before attribution to noncontrolling interests
 
82,799  
69,349  
124,955 
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
 
(701)  
(1,577)  
(4,939) 
Net income attributable to the Company
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,772 $ 
120,016 
Calculation of net income for earnings per share:
Net income attributable to the Company
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,772 $ 
120,016 
Dividends on redemption of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 
—  
—  
(109,852) 
Dividends paid to participating securities
 
—  
(306)  
(6,091) 
Net income attributable to participating securities
 
—  
(104)  
— 
Net income attributable to common shareholders
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,362 $ 
4,073 
Basic earnings per common share
$ 
2.49 $ 
1.90 $ 
0.12 
Diluted earnings per common share
$ 
2.48 $ 
1.89 $ 
0.12 
Basic weighted average common shares outstanding
32,931
35,497
35,007
Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding
33,159
35,717
35,337
Dividends declared per common share
$ 
1.76 $ 
1.54 $ 
1.15 
See accompanying notes.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
58

--------------------------------------------------
Page 60:
Papa John’s International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
Year Ended
(In thousands)
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
December 26,
2021
Net income before attribution to noncontrolling interests
$ 
82,799 $ 
69,349 $ 
124,955 
Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax:
Foreign currency translation adjustments
 
1,560  
(4,970)  
(1,397) 
Interest rate swaps (1)
 
1,453  
4,757  
6,848 
Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax
 
3,013  
(213)  
5,451 
Income tax effect: 
Foreign currency translation adjustments
 
(353)  
1,143  
321 
Interest rate swaps (2)
 
(328)  
(1,094)  
(1,575) 
Income tax effect
 
(681)  
49  
(1,254) 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
 
2,332  
(164)  
4,197 
Comprehensive income before attribution to noncontrolling interests
 
85,131  
69,185  
129,152 
Less: comprehensive income, redeemable noncontrolling interests
 
(198)  
(574)  
(2,609) 
Less: comprehensive income, nonredeemable noncontrolling interests
 
(503)  
(1,003)  
(2,330) 
Comprehensive income attributable to the Company
$ 
84,430 $ 
67,608 $ 
124,213 
___________________________________
(1)
Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss into interest expense included $173, ($2,384) and ($5,965) for 
the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively.
(2)
The income tax effects of amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss were $(39), $536 and $1,342 for the 
years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively.
See accompanying notes.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
59

--------------------------------------------------
Page 61:
Papa John’s International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit
Papa John’s International, Inc.
(In thousands)
Common 
Stock 
Shares
Outstanding
Common 
Stock
Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss (2)
Retained 
Earnings
Treasury 
Stock
Non-redeemable 
Noncontrolling 
Interests in 
Subsidiaries
Total 
Stockholders’
Deficit
Balance at December 25, 2022
 
34,736 
$ 
491 
$ 
449,829 
$ 
(10,135) $ 
195,856 
$ 
(922,434) $ 
15,729 
$ 
(270,664) 
Net income (1)
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
82,098 
 
— 
 
503 
 
82,601 
Other comprehensive income, net of 
tax
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
2,332 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
2,332 
Dividends on common stock
 
— 
 
— 
 
121 
 
— 
 
(58,927)  
— 
 
— 
 
(58,806) 
Exercise of stock options
 
43 
 
1 
 
2,251 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
2,252 
Acquisition of Company common 
stock (3)
 
(2,523)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(212,444)  
— 
 
(212,444) 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
— 
 
— 
 
17,924 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
17,924 
Issuance of restricted stock
 
240 
 
— 
 
(7,149)  
— 
 
— 
 
7,149 
 
— 
 
— 
Tax effect of restricted stock awards
 
(77)  
— 
 
(6,416)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(6,416) 
Distributions to noncontrolling 
interests
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(756)  
(756) 
Other
 
69 
 
— 
 
(4,270)  
— 
 
— 
 
4,631 
 
— 
 
361 
Balance at December 31, 2023
 
32,488 
$ 
492 
$ 
452,290 
$ 
(7,803) $ 
219,027 
$ 
(1,123,098) $ 
15,476 
$ 
(443,616) 
___________________________________
(1)
Net income to the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 excludes $198 allocable to the redeemable noncontrolling interests for our joint venture arrangements.
(2)
At December 31, 2023, the accumulated other comprehensive loss of $7,803 was comprised of net unrealized foreign currency translation loss of $7,490 and a net unrealized loss on 
the interest rate swap agreements of $314.
(3)
Acquisition of Company common stock for the year ended December 31, 2023 includes $2,804 of transaction costs directly attributable to share repurchases, including a 1% excise 
tax incurred under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 
See accompanying notes.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
60

--------------------------------------------------
Page 62:
Papa John’s International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit
Papa John’s International, Inc.
(In thousands)
Common 
Stock 
Shares
Outstanding
Common 
Stock
Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss (2)
Retained 
Earnings
Treasury 
Stock
Non-redeemable 
Noncontrolling 
Interests in 
Subsidiaries
Total 
Stockholders’
Deficit
Balance at December 26, 2021
 
35,797 
$ 
490 
$ 
445,126 
$ 
(9,971) $ 
183,157 
$ 
(806,472) $ 
15,212 
$ 
(172,458) 
Net income (1)
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
67,772 
 
— 
 
1,003 
 
68,775 
Other comprehensive income, net of 
tax
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(164)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(164) 
Cash dividends on common stock
 
— 
 
— 
 
210 
 
— 
 
(54,977)  
— 
 
— 
 
(54,767) 
Exercise of stock options
 
82 
 
1 
 
4,035 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
4,036 
Acquisition of Company common 
stock
 
(1,343)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(125,000)  
— 
 
(125,000) 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
— 
 
— 
 
18,388 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
18,388 
Issuance of restricted stock
 
285 
 
— 
 
(8,443)  
— 
 
— 
 
8,443 
 
— 
 
— 
Tax effect of restricted stock awards
 
(94)  
— 
 
(9,546)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(9,546) 
Distributions to noncontrolling 
interests
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(486)  
(486) 
Other
 
9 
 
— 
 
59 
 
— 
 
(96)  
595 
 
— 
 
558 
Balance at December 25, 2022
 
34,736 
$ 
491 
$ 
449,829 
$ 
(10,135) $ 
195,856 
$ 
(922,434) $ 
15,729 
$ 
(270,664) 
___________________________________
(1)
Net income to the Company for the year ended December 25, 2022 excludes $574 allocable to the redeemable noncontrolling interests for our joint venture arrangements.
(2)
At December 25, 2022, the accumulated other comprehensive loss of $10,135 was comprised of net unrealized foreign currency translation loss of $8,696 and a net unrealized loss on 
the interest rate swap agreements of $1,439.
See accompanying notes.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
61

--------------------------------------------------
Page 63:
Papa John’s International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit
Papa John’s International, Inc.
(In thousands)
Common 
Stock 
Shares
Outstanding
Common 
Stock
Additional 
Paid-In 
Capital
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss (2)
Retained 
Earnings
Treasury 
Stock
Non-redeemable 
Noncontrolling 
Interests in 
Subsidiaries
Total 
Stockholders’
Deficit
Balance at December 27, 2020
 
32,545 
$ 
453 
$ 
254,103 
$ 
(14,168) $ 
219,158 
$ 
(741,724) $ 
15,239 
$ 
(266,939) 
Net income (1)
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
120,016 
 
— 
 
2,330 
 
122,346 
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
4,197 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
4,197 
Repurchase and conversion of Series 
B Convertible Preferred Stock
 
3,489 
 
35 
 
174,631 
 
— 
 
(110,498)  
— 
 
— 
 
64,168 
Cash dividends on common stock
 
— 
 
— 
 
158 
 
— 
 
(40,514)  
— 
 
— 
 
(40,356) 
Cash dividends on preferred stock
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(4,121)  
— 
 
— 
 
(4,121) 
Exercise of stock options
 
212 
 
2 
 
11,967 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
11,969 
Acquisition of Company common 
stock
 
(594)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(72,499)  
— 
 
(72,499) 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
— 
 
— 
 
16,919 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
16,919 
Issuance of restricted stock
 
132 
 
— 
 
(6,970)  
— 
 
— 
 
6,970 
 
— 
 
— 
Tax effect of restricted stock awards
 
— 
 
— 
 
(5,847)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(5,847) 
Distributions to noncontrolling 
interests
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(2,357)  
(2,357) 
Other
 
13 
 
— 
 
165 
 
— 
 
(884)  
781 
 
— 
 
62 
Balance at December 26, 2021
 
35,797 
$ 
490 
$ 
445,126 
$ 
(9,971) $ 
183,157 
$ 
(806,472) $ 
15,212 
$ 
(172,458) 
___________________________________
(1)
Net income to the Company for the year ended December 26, 2021 excludes $2,609 allocable to the redeemable noncontrolling interests for our joint venture arrangements.
(2)
At December 26, 2021, the accumulated other comprehensive loss of $9,971 was comprised of net unrealized foreign currency translation loss of $4,869 and a net unrealized loss on 
the interest rate swap agreements of $5,102.
See accompanying notes.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
62

--------------------------------------------------
Page 64:
Papa John’s International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Year ended
(In thousands)
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
December 26,
2021
Operating activities
Net income before attribution to noncontrolling interests
$ 
82,799 
$ 
69,349 
$ 
124,955 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Provision (benefit) for allowance for credit losses on accounts and notes receivable
 
5,393 
 
20,539 
 
(852) 
Depreciation and amortization
 
64,090 
 
52,032 
 
48,816 
Refranchising and impairment loss
 
— 
 
12,065 
 
— 
Deferred income taxes
 
(5,991)  
2,798 
 
3,753 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
17,924 
 
18,388 
 
16,919 
Other
 
66 
 
1,056 
 
581 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable
 
(8,049)  
(29,167)  
4,023 
Income tax receivable
 
6,212 
 
586 
 
(8,113) 
Inventories
 
5,441 
 
(7,496)  
(4,708) 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
 
817 
 
5,587 
 
2,866 
Other assets and liabilities
 
(11,803)  
(13,458)  
(20,077) 
Accounts payable
 
23,371 
 
(8,350)  
(9,278) 
Income and other taxes payable
 
9,087 
 
(10,710)  
9,733 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 
7,402 
 
4,846 
 
15,875 
Deferred revenue
 
(3,704)  
(257)  
182 
Net cash provided by operating activities
 
193,055 
 
117,808 
 
184,675 
Investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment
 
(76,620)  
(78,391)  
(68,559) 
Notes issued
 
(4,338)  
(9,296)  
(16,132) 
Repayments of notes issued
 
4,655 
 
13,045 
 
18,555 
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
 
(5,613)  
(1,219)  
(699) 
Proceeds from refranchising, net of cash transferred
 
— 
 
13,588 
 
— 
Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment
 
3,457 
 
— 
 
— 
Other
 
3,336 
 
(520)  
3,323 
Net cash used in investing activities
 
(75,123)  
(62,793)  
(63,512) 
Financing activities
Proceeds from issuance of senior notes
 
— 
 
— 
 
400,000 
Net proceeds of revolving credit facilities
 
159,000 
 
115,000 
 
80,000 
Debt issuance costs
 
— 
 
— 
 
(9,179) 
Proceeds from exercise of stock options
 
2,252 
 
4,036 
 
11,969 
Repurchase of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 
— 
 
— 
 
(188,647) 
Acquisition of Company common stock
 
(210,348)  
(125,000)  
(72,499) 
Dividends paid to common stockholders
 
(58,451)  
(54,767)  
(40,356) 
Dividends paid to preferred stockholders
 
— 
 
— 
 
(6,394) 
Tax payments for equity award issuances
 
(6,416)  
(9,546)  
(5,847) 
Distributions to noncontrolling interests
 
(1,320)  
(1,211)  
(5,942) 
Repayments of term loan
 
— 
 
— 
 
(340,000) 
Principal payments on finance leases
 
(8,821)  
(5,416)  
(4,566) 
Other
 
28 
 
664 
 
935 
Net cash used in financing activities
 
(124,076)  
(76,240)  
(180,526) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 
(642)  
(2,012)  
(231) 
Change in cash and cash equivalents
 
(6,786)  
(23,237)  
(59,594) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
 
47,373 
 
70,610 
 
130,204 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
$ 
40,587 
$ 
47,373 
$ 
70,610 
See accompanying notes.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
63

--------------------------------------------------
Page 65:
Papa John’s International, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Description of Business
Papa John’s International, Inc. (referred to as the “Company,” “Papa John’s,” “Papa Johns” or in the first person notations 
of “we,” “us” and “our”), operates and franchises pizza delivery and carryout restaurants under the trademark “Papa 
Johns,” in 50 countries and territories as of December 31, 2023. Our revenues are derived from retail sales of pizza and 
other food and beverage products to the general public by Company-owned restaurants, franchise royalties and sales of 
franchise and development rights, printing and promotional items and information systems equipment, and software and 
related services. We generate revenues from the operation of our Quality Control Centers (“QC Centers”) which supply 
pizza sauce, dough, food products, paper products, smallwares and cleaning supplies to restaurants. We also derive revenue 
from contributions received into our national marketing fund.
In discussions of our business, “Domestic” is defined as within the contiguous United States, “North America” includes 
Canada, and “International” includes the rest of the world other than North America.
2. Significant Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Papa John’s International, Inc. and its 
subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
Variable Interest Entity
Papa John’s Domestic restaurants, both Company-owned and franchised, participate in Papa John’s Marketing Fund, Inc. 
(“PJMF”), a nonstock corporation designed to operate at break-even as it spends all annual contributions received from the 
system. PJMF collects a percentage of revenues from Company-owned and franchised restaurants in the United States for 
the purpose of designing and administering advertising and promotional programs. PJMF is a variable interest entity 
(“VIE”) that funds its operations with ongoing financial support and contributions from the Domestic restaurants, of which 
approximately 85 percent are franchised, and does not have sufficient equity to fund its operations without these ongoing 
financial contributions. Based on an assessment of the governance structure and operating procedures of PJMF, the 
Company determined it has the power to control certain significant activities of PJMF, and therefore, is the primary 
beneficiary. The Company has consolidated PJMF in its financial results in accordance with Accounting Standards 
Codification (“ASC”) 810, “Consolidation.”
Fiscal Year
Our fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in December of each year. All fiscal years presented consist of 52 weeks except for 
the 2023 fiscal year, which consists of 53 weeks.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Significant items that are subject to such estimates and assumptions include 
the allowance for credit losses on accounts and notes receivable, intangible assets, contract assets and contract liabilities 
including the customer loyalty program obligation, property and equipment, right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, gift 
card breakage, insurance reserves and tax reserves. Although management bases its estimates on historical experience and 
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results could significantly differ from these 
estimates.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue is measured based on consideration specified in contracts with customers and excludes waivers or incentives and 
amounts collected on behalf of third parties, primarily sales tax. The Company recognizes revenue when it satisfies a 
performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer. Taxes assessed by a governmental 
authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction, that are collected by the 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
64

--------------------------------------------------
Page 66:
Company from a customer, are excluded from revenue. Delivery costs, including freight associated with our Domestic 
commissary and other sales, are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in operating costs. 
The following describes principal activities, separated by major product or service, from which the Company generates its 
revenues: 
Domestic Company-owned Restaurant Sales 
The Domestic Company-owned restaurants principally generates revenues from retail sales of pizza, Papadias, and side 
items, including breadsticks, Papa Bites, cheesesticks, boneless chicken wings and bone-in chicken wings, dessert items 
and canned or bottled beverages. Revenues from Company-owned restaurants are recognized when the products are 
delivered to or carried out by customers. 
Our North American customer loyalty program, Papa Rewards, is a spend-based program that rewards customers with 
points for each purchase. Papa Rewards points are accumulated and redeemed for dollar off discounts (“Papa Dough”), and 
points expire after a year of inactivity. Once points are redeemed, Papa Dough may be used on future purchases within a 
six-month expiration window. The accrued liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and corresponding reduction of 
Company-owned restaurant sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, is for the estimated reward redemptions at 
Domestic Company-owned restaurants based upon estimated redemption patterns. The liability related to Papa Rewards is 
calculated using the estimated redemption value for which the points and accumulated rewards are expected to be 
redeemed. Revenue is recognized when the customer redeems the Papa Dough reward and when the points or Papa Dough 
reward expires. 
Franchise Royalties and Fees
Franchise royalties, which are based on a percentage of franchise restaurant sales, are recognized as sales occur. Incentives 
offered from time to time, including new restaurant incentives, will reduce the contractual royalty rate paid. Any royalty 
reductions, including waivers or those offered as part of a new restaurant development incentive or as incentive for other 
behaviors, including acceleration of restaurant remodels or equipment upgrades, are recognized at the same time as the 
related royalty, as they are not separately distinguishable from the full royalty rate. Our current standard franchise 
agreement requires the franchisee to pay a royalty fee of 5% of sales, and the majority of our existing franchised restaurants 
have a 5% contractual royalty rate in effect. Franchise royalties are billed on a monthly basis. 
The majority of initial franchise license fees and area development exclusivity fees are from International locations. Initial 
franchise license fees are billed at the restaurant opening date. The pre-opening services provided to franchisees do not 
contain separate and distinct performance obligations from the franchise right; thus, the fees collected will be deferred and 
amortized on a straight-line basis beginning at the restaurant opening date through the term of the franchise agreement, 
which is typically 10 years. Franchise license renewal fees for both Domestic and International locations, which generally 
occur every 10 years, are billed before the renewal date. Fees received for future license renewal periods are deferred and 
amortized over the life of the renewal period. Area development exclusivity fees are billed upon execution of the 
development agreements which grant the right to develop franchised restaurants in future periods in specific geographic 
areas. Area development exclusivity fees are allocated on a pro rata basis to all restaurants opened under that specific 
development agreement. These fees are deferred and amortized over the term of the related franchise agreements, which is 
typically 10 years. 
Commissary Revenues 
Commissary revenues are comprised of food and supplies sold to franchised restaurants and are recognized as revenue 
upon shipment of the related products to the franchisees. Payments are generally due within 30 days. 
There are various incentive programs available to franchisees related to new restaurant openings including discounts on 
initial commissary orders and new restaurant equipment incentives, at substantially no cost to franchisees. Commissary 
revenues are reduced to reflect incentives in the form of direct discounts on initial commissary orders. The new restaurant 
equipment incentive is also recorded as a reduction of commissary sales over the term of the incentive agreement, which is 
generally three to five years.
Other Revenues
Franchise Marketing Fund revenues represent a required established percentage of monthly restaurant sales collected by 
PJMF, which is our national marketing fund, and various other international and Domestic marketing funds (“Co-op” or 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
65

--------------------------------------------------
Page 67:
“Co-operative” Funds) where we have determined for purposes of accounting that we have control over the significant 
activities of the funds. PJMF funds its operations with ongoing financial support and contributions from Domestic Papa 
John’s restaurants, of which approximately 85% are franchised restaurant members. Contributions are based on a 
percentage of monthly restaurant sales and are billed monthly. When we are determined to be the principal in these 
arrangements, advertising fund contributions and expenditures are reported on a gross basis in the Consolidated Statements 
of Operations. Our obligation related to these funds is to develop and conduct advertising activities in a specific country, 
region, or market, including the placement of electronic and print materials.
There are no expiration dates and we do not deduct non-usage fees from outstanding gift cards. While the Company and the 
franchisees continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment, the likelihood of redemption may be determined to be 
remote for certain cards due to long periods of inactivity. In these circumstances, the Company recognizes breakage 
revenue for amounts not subject to unclaimed property laws. Based upon our analysis of historical gift card redemption 
patterns, we can reasonably estimate the amount of gift cards for which redemption is remote. Breakage revenue is 
recognized over time in proportion to estimated redemption patterns as Other revenues. Commissions on gift cards sold by 
third parties are recorded as a reduction to Deferred revenue and a reduction to Other revenues based upon estimated 
redemption patterns.
Fees for information services, including software maintenance fees, help desk fees, centralized call center fees, and online 
ordering fees are recognized as revenue as such services are provided and are included in Other revenues.
Rental income, primarily derived from properties leased by the Company and subleased to franchisees in the UK, is 
recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective operating lease terms.
Advertising and Related Costs 
Domestic Company-owned advertising and related costs of $53.9 million, $55.2 million and $61.7 million in 2023, 2022, 
and 2021, respectively, include the costs of Domestic Company-owned local restaurant activities such as mail coupons, 
door hangers and promotional items and advertising activities administered through PJMF and various local market 
cooperative advertising funds. PJMF is responsible for developing and conducting marketing and advertising for the 
Domestic Papa John’s system. The Co-op Funds are responsible for developing and conducting advertising activities in a 
specific market, including the placement of electronic and print materials developed by PJMF. The marketing fund 
investments are included in General and administrative expenses within the accompanying Consolidated Statements of 
Operations and are accrued and expensed when the franchise advertising revenues are recognized, as PJMF is designed to 
operate at break-even.
Leases
Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the expected life of the lease term for operating leases, whereas 
lease expense follows an accelerated expense recognition for finance leases. A lease term often includes option periods, 
available at the inception of the lease. Lease expense is comprised of operating and finance lease costs, short-term lease 
costs, and variable lease costs, which primarily include common area maintenance, real estate taxes, and insurance for the 
Company’s real estate leases. Lease costs also include variable rent, which is primarily related to the Company’s supply 
chain tractor and trailer leases that are based on a rate per mile.
Stock-Based Compensation
Compensation expense for equity grants is estimated on the grant date, net of projected forfeitures, and is recognized over 
the vesting period (graded vesting over three years). We have elected a policy to estimate forfeitures in determining the 
amount of stock-based employee compensation expense. Restricted stock is valued based on the market price of the 
Company’s shares on the date of grant. Management evaluates its award grants and modifications and will adjust the fair 
value if any are determined to be spring-loaded.
Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or less at date of purchase. These 
investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
66

--------------------------------------------------
Page 68:
Accounts Receivable
Substantially all accounts receivable is due from franchisees for purchases of food, paper products, point of sale equipment, 
information systems and related services, marketing and royalties. Credit is extended based on an evaluation of the 
franchisee’s financial condition and collateral is generally not required. An allowance for credit losses is an estimate, even 
if remote, based upon historical account write-off trends, facts about the current financial condition of the debtor, forecasts 
of future operating results based upon current trends of select operating metrics and macroeconomic factors. Account 
balances are charged off against the allowance after recovery efforts have ceased.
Notes Receivable 
The Company has provided financing to select Domestic and International franchisees principally for use in the 
construction and development of their restaurants and for the purchase of restaurants from the Company or other 
franchisees. Most notes receivable bear interest at fixed or floating rates and are generally secured by the assets of each 
restaurant and the ownership interests in the franchise. The Company has provided long-term financing to certain 
franchisees with royalty payment plans. We establish an allowance for credit losses for franchisee notes receivables to 
reduce the outstanding notes receivable to their net realizable values based on a review of each franchisee’s economic 
performance and market conditions after consideration of the fair value of our underlying collateral rights (e.g., underlying 
franchisee business, property and equipment) and any guarantees. Note balances are charged off against the allowance after 
recovery efforts have ceased. 
Interest income recorded on franchisee loans was approximately $1.1 million in 2023, $1.3 million in 2022 and $1.9 
million in 2021 and is reported in Net interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Inventories
Inventories, which consist of food products, paper goods, supplies and smallwares are stated at the lower of cost, 
determined under the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method, or net realizable value.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful 
lives of the assets (generally five to ten years for restaurant, commissary and other equipment, twenty to forty years for 
buildings and improvements, and five years for technology and communication assets). Leasehold improvements are 
amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the respective leases, including the first renewal 
period (generally five to ten years).
Depreciation expense was $54.3 million in 2023, $45.6 million in 2022 and $43.0 million in 2021.
Deferred Costs
We capitalize certain information systems development and related costs that meet established criteria. Amounts 
capitalized, which are included in property and equipment, are amortized principally over periods not exceeding five years 
upon completion of the related information systems project. Total costs capitalized were approximately $4.1 million in 
2023, 2022 and 2021. The unamortized information systems development costs approximated $9.9 million and $9.6 million 
as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively.
Intangible Assets — Goodwill
We evaluate goodwill annually as of the first day of the fourth quarter or whenever we identify certain triggering events or 
circumstances that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Such 
tests are completed separately with respect to the goodwill of each of our reporting units, which includes our Domestic 
Company-owned restaurants, United Kingdom (“PJUK”), China, and Preferred Marketing Solutions operations, which 
were sold on October 22, 2023. We may perform a qualitative assessment or move directly to the quantitative assessment 
for any reporting unit in any period if we believe that it is more efficient or if impairment indicators exist.
We elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our Domestic Company-owned restaurants, PJUK, and China as of the 
first day of the fourth quarter of 2023; we excluded the goodwill associated with our Preferred Marketing Solutions 
reporting unit, as the business was sold shortly after the date of our assessment and the balance was not material to the 
consolidated financial statements. As a result of our qualitative analysis, we determined that it was more-likely-than-not 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
67

--------------------------------------------------
Page 69:
that the fair values of our reporting units were greater than their carrying amounts. Subsequent to completing our goodwill 
impairment tests, no indicators of impairment were identified. See “Note 11. Goodwill” for additional information.
Deferred Income Tax Accounts and Tax Reserves 
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and several foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in 
determining the provision for income taxes and the related assets and liabilities. The provision for income taxes includes 
income taxes paid, currently payable or receivable and those deferred. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of assets 
and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences 
reverse. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted by tax jurisdiction. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for the 
estimated future effects of tax attribute carryforwards (e.g., net operating losses, capital losses, and foreign tax credits). The 
effect on deferred taxes of changes in tax rates is recognized in the period in which the new tax rate is enacted. Valuation 
allowances are established when necessary on a jurisdictional basis to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts we expect 
to realize.
Tax authorities periodically audit the Company. We record reserves and related interest and penalties for identified 
exposures as income tax expense. We evaluate these issues and adjust for events, such as statute of limitations expirations, 
court rulings or audit settlements, which may impact our ultimate payment for such exposures. See “Note 17. Income 
Taxes” for additional information.
Insurance Reserves
Our insurance programs for workers’ compensation, owned and non-owned automobiles, general liability and property 
insurance coverage provided to our employees are funded by the Company up to certain retention limits which range up to 
$0.5 million.
Losses are accrued based upon undiscounted estimates of the liability for claims incurred and for events that have occurred 
but have not been reported using certain third-party actuarial projections and our claims loss experience. The determination 
of the recorded insurance reserves is highly judgmental and complex due to the significant uncertainty in the potential 
value of reported claims and the number and potential value of incurred but not reported claims, the application of 
significant judgment in making those estimates and the use of various actuarial valuation methods. The estimated insurance 
claims losses could be significantly affected should the frequency or ultimate cost of claims differ significantly from 
historical trends used to estimate the insurance reserves recorded by the Company. The Company records estimated losses 
above retention within its reserve with a corresponding receivable for expected amounts due from insurance carriers. 
As of December 31, 2023, our insurance reserve was $56.8 million as compared to $67.3 million as of December 25, 2022 
and was primarily related to auto liability and workers’ compensation claims. Of these amounts, approximately $27.2 
million and $29.7 million were recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and $29.5 million and $37.6 
million were recorded in Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and 
December 25, 2022, respectively. Our reserves include claim costs above our retention that have a corresponding 
receivable. Our insurance receivable for claims above retention totaled $34.5 million and $38.4 million as of December 31, 
2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively. Of these amounts, approximately $16.8 million and $17.0 million were 
recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets, and $17.8 million and $21.4 million were recorded in Other assets 
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively.
Derivative Financial Instruments
We recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. At inception and on an ongoing basis, we assess whether 
each derivative that qualifies for hedge accounting continues to be highly effective in offsetting changes in the cash flows 
of the hedged item. If the derivative meets the hedge criteria as defined by certain accounting standards, depending on the 
nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative are either offset against the change in fair value of assets, 
liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss (“AOCL”) until 
the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  Refer to “Note 12. Debt” for additional details related to derivative financial 
instruments.  
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
68

--------------------------------------------------
Page 70:
Noncontrolling Interests
Papa John’s has joint venture arrangements in which there are noncontrolling interests held by third parties that included 98 
restaurants at December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022. As further described in “Note 22. Divestitures,” the Company 
divested its 51 percent interest in one joint venture that owned 90 restaurants in the second quarter of 2022. Consolidated 
net income is required to be reported separately at amounts attributable to both the Company and the noncontrolling 
interests held by third parties. Additionally, disclosures are required to clearly identify and distinguish between the interests 
of the Company and the interests of the noncontrolling owners, including a disclosure on the face of the Consolidated 
Statements of Operations of income attributable to the noncontrolling interest holder.
The following summarizes the redemption feature, location and related accounting within the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
for these joint venture arrangements:
Type of Joint Venture Arrangement
Location within the 
Consolidated Balance 
Sheets
Recorded Value
Joint ventures with no redemption feature
Permanent equity
Carrying value
Joint venture with option to require the Company to purchase the noncontrolling 
interest - not currently redeemable or redemption not probable
Temporary equity
Carrying value
See “Note 9. Noncontrolling Interests” for additional information regarding noncontrolling interests.
Foreign Currency Translation
The local currency is the functional currency for each of our foreign subsidiaries. Revenues and expenses are translated 
into United States (“U.S.”) dollars using monthly average exchange rates, while assets and liabilities are translated using 
year-end exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustments are included as a component of AOCL, net of income taxes. 
Foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses are included in determining net income.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Segment Disclosures
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) 
2023-07, “Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures.” The ASU expands the scope and frequency of segment 
disclosures and introduces the concept of a “significant expense principle,” which requires entities to disclose significant 
expense categories and amounts that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) and included 
within the reported measure of a segment’s profit or loss. The ASU also changes current disclosure requirements by 
allowing entities to report multiple measures of a segment’s profit or loss, provided the reported measures are used by the 
CODM to assess performance and allocate resources and that the measure closest to GAAP is also provided. Finally, the 
ASU requires all segment profit or loss and assets disclosures to be provided on both an annual and interim basis and 
requires entities to disclose the title and position of the individual identified as the CODM. The ASU is effective for fiscal 
years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024 and 
shall be applied retrospectively to all periods presented in the financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating 
the standard and determining the extent of additional interim and annual segment disclosures that will be required.
Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax 
Disclosures.” The ASU provides for additional levels of details within the required rate reconciliation table to include 
additional categories of information about federal, state, and foreign income taxes and requires entities to further 
disaggregate information about income taxes paid, net of refunds. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after 
December 15, 2024 and shall be applied prospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the standard and determining 
the extent of additional disclosures that will be required.
3. Leases
The Company has significant leases that include most Domestic Company-owned restaurant and commissary locations as 
well as our corporate office located in Atlanta, Georgia. Other Domestic leases include tractor and trailer leases used by our 
distribution subsidiary as well as commissary equipment. Additionally, the Company leases a significant number of 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
69

--------------------------------------------------
Page 71:
restaurants within the United Kingdom (“UK”); these restaurants are then operated as Company-owned restaurants or 
subleased to franchisees. The Company’s leases have terms as follows:
Average lease term
Domestic Company-owned restaurants
Five years, plus at least one renewal
UK Company-owned and franchise-owned restaurants
15 years
Domestic commissary locations
10 years, plus at least one renewal
Domestic and International tractors and trailers
Five to seven years
Domestic and International commissary and office equipment
Three to five years
The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception and recognizes a right-of-use asset 
and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. For all of its leases in which it is a lessee, the Company has elected to 
include both the lease and non-lease components as a single component and account for it as a lease. Leases with an initial 
term of 12 months or less but greater than one month are not recorded on the balance sheet for select asset classes. The 
lease liability is measured at the present value of future lease payments as of the lease commencement date. The right-of-
use asset recognized is based on the lease liability adjusted for prepaid and deferred rent and unamortized lease incentives. 
An operating lease right-of-use asset is amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recognized as a single 
lease cost against the operating lease liability. A finance lease right-of-use asset is amortized on a straight-line basis, with 
interest costs reported separately, over the lesser of the useful life of the leased asset or lease term. Operating lease expense 
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in Operating costs or General and administrative 
expenses. Variable lease payments are expensed as incurred.
The Company uses its incremental borrowing rates as the discount rate for its leases, which is equal to the rate of interest 
the Company would have to pay on a collateralized basis to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments under similar 
terms. The lease terms for all the Company’s leases include the contractually obligated period of the leases, plus any 
additional periods covered by Company options to extend the leases that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise.
Certain leases provide that the lease payments may be increased annually based on the fixed rate terms or adjustable terms 
such as the Consumer Price Index. Future base rent escalations that are not contractually quantifiable as of the lease 
commencement date are not included in our lease liability. 
The following schedule details the total right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of 
December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 (in thousands):
Leases
Classification
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
Assets
Finance lease assets, net
Finance lease right-of-use assets, net
$ 
31,740 $ 
24,941 
Operating lease assets, net 
Operating lease right-of-use assets
 
164,158  
172,425 
Total lease assets
$ 
195,898 $ 
197,366 
Liabilities
Current finance lease liabilities
Current finance lease liabilities
$ 
9,029 $ 
6,850 
Current operating lease liabilities
Current operating lease liabilities
 
24,076  
23,418 
Noncurrent finance lease liabilities
Long-term finance lease liabilities
 
24,144  
19,022 
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities
Long-term operating lease liabilities
 
151,050  
160,905 
Total lease liabilities
$ 
208,299 $ 
210,195 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
70

--------------------------------------------------
Page 72:
Lease costs for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 were as follows:
(Dollars in thousands)
Year Ended
December 31, 2023
December 25, 2022
December 26, 2021
Finance lease:
Amortization of right-of-use assets
$ 
8,949 $ 
5,704 $ 
4,980 
Interest on lease liabilities
 
1,542  
1,029  
1,140 
Operating lease:
Operating lease cost
 
41,514  
42,815  
43,072 
Short-term lease cost
 
4,239  
4,171  
2,032 
Variable lease cost
 
10,005  
9,129  
8,572 
Total lease costs
 
66,249  
62,848  
59,796 
Sublease income
 
(9,842)  
(11,654)  
(12,039) 
Total lease costs, net of sublease income
$ 
56,407 $ 
51,194 $ 
47,757 
Future minimum lease payments under contractually-obligated leases and associated sublease income as of December 31, 
2023 were as follows (in thousands):
Fiscal Year
Finance
Lease 
Costs
Operating
Lease
Costs
Expected 
Sublease 
Income
2024
$ 
10,266 $ 
31,274 $ 
8,318 
2025
 
8,616  
35,153  
7,949 
2026
 
7,588  
31,254  
7,229 
2027
 
5,550  
25,418  
6,565 
2028
 
2,610  
19,903  
5,990 
Thereafter
 
1,970  
78,136  
27,945 
Total future minimum lease payments
 
36,600  
221,138  
63,996 
Less imputed interest
 
(3,427)  
(46,012)  
— 
Total present value of lease liabilities
$ 
33,173 $ 
175,126 $ 
63,996 
Lessor Operating Leases
The Company subleases certain retail space to our franchisees in the UK which are primarily operating leases. At 
December 31, 2023, we leased and subleased approximately 322 Papa John’s restaurants to franchisees in the UK. The 
initial lease terms on the franchised sites in the UK are generally 15 years. The Company has the option to negotiate an 
extension toward the end of the lease term at the landlord’s discretion. The initial lease terms of the franchisee subleases 
are generally five to ten years. Rental income, primarily derived from properties leased and subleased to franchisees in the 
UK, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective operating lease terms. The Company recognized total 
sublease income of $9.8 million, $11.7 million and $12.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 
2022 and December 26, 2021, respectively, within Other revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Lease Guarantees
As a result of assigning our interest in obligations under property leases as a condition of the refranchising of certain 
restaurants, we are contingently liable for payment of approximately 48 Domestic leases. These leases have varying terms, 
the latest of which expires in 2036. As of December 31, 2023, the estimated maximum amount of undiscounted payments 
the Company could be required to make in the event of nonpayment by the primary lessees was $7.3 million. This 
contingent liability is not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets or future minimum lease obligation. The fair value 
of the guarantee is not material.
There were no leases recorded between related parties.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
71

--------------------------------------------------
Page 73:
Supplemental Cash Flow & Other Information
The following table presents supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the years ended December 31, 2023, 
December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021:
(Dollars in thousands)
Year Ended
December 31, 2023
December 25, 2022
December 26, 2021
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of 
lease liabilities:
Operating cash flows from finance leases
$ 
1,542 $ 
1,029 $ 
1,140 
Financing cash flows from finance leases
$ 
8,821 $ 
5,416 $ 
4,566 
Operating cash flows from operating leases (a)
$ 
37,814 $ 
35,573 $ 
38,530 
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance 
lease liabilities
$ 
16,734 $ 
9,875 $ 
9,486 
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating 
lease liabilities 
$ 
24,380 $ 
53,869 $ 
64,420 
Cash received from sublease income
$ 
8,855 $ 
10,847 $ 
11,597 
Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years):
Finance leases
4.30
4.43
4.51
Operating leases
7.81
8.44
8.30
Weighted-average discount rate:
Finance leases
 4.87 %
 4.59 %
 5.08 %
Operating leases
 5.62 %
 5.63 %
 6.20 %
______________________________
(a)
Included within the change in Other assets and liabilities within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows offset by non-cash 
operating lease right-of-use asset amortization and lease liability accretion.
4. Papa John’s Marketing Fund, Inc.
PJMF, which is a consolidated variable interest entity where the Company has been identified as the primary beneficiary, 
collects a percentage of revenues from Company-owned and franchised restaurants in the United States, for the purpose of 
designing and administering advertising and promotional programs for all participating Domestic restaurants. Contributions 
and expenditures are reported on a gross basis in the Consolidated Statements of Operations within Other revenues and 
Other expenses. PJMF also has a wholly-owned subsidiary, Papa Card, Inc., which administers the Company’s gift card 
programs.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
72

--------------------------------------------------
Page 74:
Assets and liabilities of PJMF, which are utilized solely for the Company’s advertising and promotional programs, were as 
follows in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands):
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
5,494 $ 
17,174 
Accounts receivable, net
 
18,026  
14,780 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
 
2,223  
1,815 
Total current assets
 
25,743  
33,769 
Deferred income taxes
 
674  
655 
Total assets
$ 
26,417 $ 
34,424 
Liabilities
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable
$ 
1,509 $ 
12,428 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 
22,245  
17,936 
Current deferred revenue
 
4,327  
4,395 
Total current liabilities 
 
28,081  
34,759 
Deferred revenue
 
2,627  
2,503 
Total liabilities
$ 
30,708 $ 
37,262 
5. Revenue Recognition
Contract Balances
Our contract liabilities primarily relate to franchise fees, unredeemed gift card liabilities, and loyalty program obligations, 
which we classify within Current deferred revenue and Deferred revenue on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the 
years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, the Company recognized $34.5 million and $33.4 million in 
revenue, respectively, related to deferred revenue.
The following table includes a breakout of contract liability balances (in thousands):
December 31, 2023
December 25, 2022
Change
Franchise fee liabilities
$ 
20,564 $ 
23,836 $ 
(3,272) 
Unredeemed gift card liabilities
 
6,955  
6,874  
81 
Customer loyalty program obligations
 
13,274  
13,766  
(492) 
Total contract liabilities
$ 
40,793 $ 
44,476 $ 
(3,683) 
Our contract assets consist primarily of equipment incentives provided to franchisees. Equipment incentives are related to 
the future value of commissary revenue the Company will receive over the term of the incentive agreement. As of 
December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, the contract assets were approximately $7.9 million and $6.2 million, 
respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, revenue was reduced approximately $3.9 
million and $3.4 million, respectively, for the amortization of contract assets over the applicable contract terms. Contract 
assets are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
73

--------------------------------------------------
Page 75:
Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations
The following table (in thousands) includes estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to 
performance obligations that are unsatisfied at the end of the reporting period. 
Performance Obligations by Period
Less than 1 
Year
1-2 Years
2-3 Years
3-4 Years
4-5 Years
Thereafter
Total
Franchise fees $ 
2,746 $ 
2,628 $ 
2,463 $ 
2,254 $ 
2,004 $ 
5,305 $ 
17,400 
Approximately $3.2 million of area development fees related to unopened restaurants and International unearned royalties 
are included in Deferred revenue. Timing of revenue recognition is dependent upon the timing of restaurant openings and 
franchisees’ revenues. Unredeemed gift card liabilities, which are included in Deferred revenue, will be recognized in 
Company-owned restaurant revenues when gift cards are redeemed. The Company will recognize redemption fee revenue 
in Other revenues when cards are redeemed at franchised restaurant locations. 
The Company applies the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-50-14 and does not disclose information about remaining 
performance obligations that have original expected durations of one year or less. 
6. Stockholders’ Deficit
Shares Authorized and Outstanding
The Company has authorized 100.0 million shares of common stock as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, 
respectively. The Company’s outstanding shares of common stock, net of repurchased common stock held as treasury 
stock, were 32.5 million shares at December 31, 2023 and 34.7 million shares at December 25, 2022.
Share Repurchase Program
On October 28, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program with an indefinite duration for up to 
$425.0 million of the Company’s common stock. This share repurchase program operated alongside our previous $75.0 
million share repurchase authorization, which began on November 4, 2020 and expired on December 26, 2021. The 
following table summarizes our repurchase activity for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and 
December 26, 2021, respectively:
(In thousands, except average price per share)
Year Ended
Total
Number
of Shares
Purchased
Average
Price
Paid per
Share
Aggregate
Cost of
Shares
Purchased (a)
Maximum Dollar
Value of Shares
that May Yet Be
Purchased Under the
Plans or Programs
December 31, 2023
2,523
$ 
83.10 $ 
209,640 $ 
90,160 
December 25, 2022
1,343
$ 
93.07 $ 
125,000 $ 
299,800 
December 26, 2021
594
$ 
121.96 $ 
72,499 $ 
424,800 
(a) 
Aggregate cost of shares purchased for year ended December 31, 2023 excludes $2.8 million of transaction costs directly 
attributable to share repurchases, including a 1% excise tax incurred under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Of these costs, $2.1 
million were classified as non-cash financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
We did not repurchase any shares subsequent to December 31, 2023. Approximately $90.2 million remained available 
under the Company’s share repurchase program as of February 22, 2024.
The shares repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2023 included 2,176,928 shares repurchased on March 1, 
2023 from certain funds affiliated with, or managed by, Starboard Value LP (collectively, “Starboard”), at a price of $82.52 
per share, for aggregate consideration of $179.6 million. Refer to “Note 18. Related Party Transactions” for additional 
details.
The timing and volume of share repurchases under the Company’s share repurchase programs may be executed at the 
discretion of management on an opportunistic basis, subject to market and business conditions, regulatory requirements and 
other factors, or pursuant to trading plans or other arrangements. Repurchases under the programs may be made through 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
74

--------------------------------------------------
Page 76:
open market, block, and privately negotiated transactions, including Rule 10b5-1 plans, at times and in such amounts as 
management deems appropriate. Repurchases under the Company’s share repurchase programs may be commenced or 
suspended from time to time at the Company’s discretion without prior notice. Funding for the share repurchase programs 
will be provided through our credit facility, operating cash flow, stock option exercises and cash and cash equivalents. 
Dividends on Common Stock
The Company paid aggregate cash dividends of approximately $58.5 million ($1.76 per share), $54.8 million ($1.54 per 
share) and $40.4 million ($1.15 per share) to common stockholders for the years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
On January 30, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a first quarter 2024 dividend of $0.46 per common share, 
representing a $15.1 million aggregate dividend that was paid on February 23, 2024 to stockholders of record as of the 
close of business on February 12, 2024. The declaration and payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of 
our Board of Directors.
Preferred Stock
The Company has authorized 5.0 million shares of preferred stock (of which none were issued or outstanding at 
December 31, 2023 or December 25, 2022, respectively).
On May 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Share Repurchase Agreement with certain funds affiliated with, or managed 
by, Starboard Value LP (collectively, “Starboard”), pursuant to which (i) the Company repurchased from Starboard 78,387 
shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (“Series B Preferred Stock”) 
and (ii) Starboard converted the remaining 171,613 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that it owned into 3,458,360 shares 
of the Company’s common stock pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation of the Series B Preferred Stock. On 
June 3, 2021, the Company entered into agreements with certain franchisee investors to repurchase 1,000 shares of the 
outstanding Series B Preferred Stock and convert the remaining 1,530 shares of Series B Preferred Stock into 30,769 shares 
of common stock. The Company paid Starboard and the franchisee investors aggregate one-time cash payments of $188.6 
million for the repurchase and conversion of all of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The excess of the 
cash payment over the carrying value of the respective Series B Preferred Stock redeemed resulted in $109.9 million of 
dividends on redemption of Series B Preferred Stock in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, which reduced net 
income attributable to common stockholders and also reduced diluted earnings per share by $3.10 for the year ended 
December 26, 2021. As a result of the repurchase and conversion, there were no shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued 
or outstanding at December 31, 2023 or December 25, 2022. 
Dividends on Series B Preferred Stock
The Company paid common stock “pass-through” dividends on an as-converted basis to Series B Preferred Stockholders of 
$1.1 million and preferred dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock of $3.0 million in 2021. The Company also paid $1.5 
million of common stock deemed dividend distributions in connection with the repurchase and conversion of the Series B 
Preferred Stock in 2021.
7. Earnings per Share
We compute earnings per share using the two-class method. The two-class method requires an earnings allocation formula 
that determines earnings per share for common shareholders and participating security holders according to dividends 
declared and participating rights in undistributed earnings. Time-based restricted stock awards are participating securities 
because holders of such shares have non-forfeitable dividend rights and participate in undistributed earnings with common 
stock. Under the two-class method, total dividends provided to the holders of participating securities and undistributed 
earnings allocated to participating securities, are subtracted from net income attributable to the Company in determining 
net income attributable to common shareholders.
Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing net income attributable to common shareholders by the 
weighted-average common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common share are computed by dividing the net 
income attributable to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding. Diluted 
weighted average common shares outstanding consist of basic weighted average common shares outstanding plus weighted 
average awards outstanding under our equity compensation plans, which are dilutive securities.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
75

--------------------------------------------------
Page 77:
The calculations of basic earnings per common share and diluted earnings per common share for the years ended 
December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and December 26, 2021 are as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 
2023
2022
2021
Basic earnings per common share
Net income attributable to the Company
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,772 $ 
120,016 
Dividends on redemption of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 
—  
—  
(109,852) 
Dividends paid to participating securities
 
—  
(306)  
(6,091) 
Net income attributable to participating securities
 
—  
(104)  
— 
Net income attributable to common shareholders
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,362 $ 
4,073 
Basic weighted average common shares outstanding
 
32,931  
35,497  
35,007 
Basic earnings per common share
$ 
2.49 $ 
1.90 $ 
0.12 
Diluted earnings per common share
Net income attributable to common shareholders
$ 
82,098 $ 
67,362 $ 
4,073 
Weighted average common shares outstanding
 
32,931  
35,497  
35,007 
Dilutive effect of outstanding equity awards (a)
 
228  
220  
330 
Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding
 
33,159  
35,717  
35,337 
Diluted earnings per common share
$ 
2.48 $ 
1.89 $ 
0.12 
______________________________
(a)
Excludes 194,846 shares underlying equity awards for the year ended December 31, 2023, as the effect of including such awards 
would have been anti-dilutive, and none in 2022 or 2021.
See “Note 20. Equity Compensation” for additional information regarding our equity awards, including restricted stock.
8. Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
The Company determines the fair value of financial assets and liabilities based on the price that would be received to sell 
the asset or paid to transfer the liability to a market participant. Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a 
recurring basis and are required to be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:
•
Level 1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
•
Level 2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.
•
Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.
Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity specific measurement. Considerable judgment is required to 
interpret market data to estimate fair value; accordingly, the fair values presented do not necessarily indicate what the 
Company or its debtholders could realize in a current market exchange.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
76

--------------------------------------------------
Page 78:
Our financial assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2023 and 
December 25, 2022 are as follows:
Carrying
Value
Fair Value Measurements
(in thousands)
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
December 31, 2023
Financial assets:
Cash surrender value of life insurance policies (a)
$ 
29,449 $ 
29,449 $ 
— $ 
— 
Interest rate swaps (b)
$ 
107 $ 
— $ 
107 $ 
— 
Financial liabilities:
Interest rate swaps (b)
$ 
483 $ 
— $ 
483 $ 
— 
December 25, 2022
Financial assets:
Cash surrender value of life insurance policies (a)
$ 
30,120 $ 
30,120 $ 
— $ 
— 
Interest rate swaps (b)
$ 
986 $ 
— $ 
986 $ 
— 
______________________________
(a)
Represents life insurance policies held in our non-qualified deferred compensation plan. See “Note 21. Employee Benefit Plans” for 
additional information.
(b)
The fair value of our interest rate swaps is based on the sum of all future net present value cash flows. The future cash flows are 
derived based on the terms of our interest rate swaps, as well as considering published discount factors, and projected Secured 
Overnight Financing Rates (“SOFR”). Interest rate swaps entered into prior to 2023 were based on LIBOR.
There were no transfers among levels within the fair value hierarchy during fiscal 2023 or 2022.
The fair value of certain assets and liabilities approximates carrying value because of the short-term nature of the accounts, 
including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, net of allowances, and accounts payable. The carrying value of 
notes receivable, net of allowances, also approximates fair value. The Company’s revolving credit facilities under the 
Company’s credit agreement approximate carrying value due to their variable market-based interest rate. The Company’s 
3.875% senior notes are classified as a Level 2 fair value measurement since the Company estimates the fair value by using 
recent trading transactions, and have the following estimated fair values and carrying values (excluding the impact of 
unamortized debt issuance costs) as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022:
December 31, 2023
December 25, 2022
(in thousands)
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
Carrying
Value
Fair
Value
3.875% Senior Notes
$ 
400,000 $ 
352,500 $ 
400,000 $ 
339,500 
9. Noncontrolling Interests
As of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 the Company had three joint venture arrangements comprising 98 
restaurants. As further described in “Note 22. Divestitures,” the Company divested its 51 percent interest in one joint 
venture that owned 90 restaurants in the second quarter of 2022.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
77

--------------------------------------------------
Page 79:
Net income attributable to these joint ventures for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and 
December 26, 2021 was as follows (in thousands):
2023
2022
2021
Papa John’s International, Inc.
$ 
1,672 $ 
3,136 $ 
8,457 
Redeemable noncontrolling interests
 
198  
574  
2,609 
Nonredeemable noncontrolling interests
 
503  
1,003  
2,330 
Total net income
$ 
2,373 $ 
4,713 $ 
13,396 
The following summarizes changes in our redeemable noncontrolling interests in 2023 and 2022 (in thousands):
Balance at December 26, 2021
$ 
5,498 
Net income
 
574 
Distributions
 
(4,855) 
Balance at December 25, 2022
$ 
1,217 
Net income
 
198 
Distributions
 
(564) 
Balance at December 31, 2023
$ 
851 
10. Allowance for Credit Losses
Estimates of expected credit losses, even if remote, are based upon historical account write-off trends, facts about the 
current financial condition of the debtor, forecasts of future operating results based upon current trends of select operating 
metrics, and macroeconomic factors. Credit quality is monitored through the timing of payments compared to the 
prescribed payment terms and known facts regarding the financial condition of the franchisee or customer. Account and 
note balances are charged off against the allowance after recovery efforts have ceased. 
The following table summarizes changes in our allowances for credit losses for accounts receivable and notes receivable:
(In thousands)
Accounts 
Receivable
Notes 
Receivable
Balance at December 26, 2021
$ 
2,364 $ 
1,500 
Current period provision for expected credit losses, net (a)
 
6,474  
14,066 
Write-offs charged against the allowance
 
(2,120)  
(1,067) 
Balance at December 25, 2022
$ 
6,718 $ 
14,499 
Current period provision for expected credit losses, net (b)
 
3,609  
1,784 
Write-offs charged against the allowance
 
(1,974)  
(191) 
Balance at December 31, 2023
$ 
8,353 $ 
16,092 
______________________________
(a) 
The Company recorded $14.6 million of one-time, non-cash reserves in the first quarter of 2022 for certain accounts receivable and 
notes receivable primarily associated with a master franchisee with operations principally in Russia. The Company recorded $3.7 
million of one-time, non-cash reserves in the second half of 2022 for certain accounts receivable and notes receivable primarily 
associated with the termination of significant franchisees in the UK. 
(b) 
During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company recorded $1.7 million of reserves for certain accounts receivable and notes 
receivable associated with the termination of a specific franchisee in the UK and $0.9 million of reserves for certain accounts 
receivable related to the conflict in the Middle East.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
78

--------------------------------------------------
Page 80:
11. Goodwill
The following summarizes changes in the Company’s goodwill, by reportable segment (in thousands):
Domestic 
Company-
owned 
Restaurants
International 
All Others
Total
Balance at December 26, 2021
$ 
64,254 $ 
15,942 $ 
436 $ 
80,632 
Acquisitions (a)
 
1,161  
—  
—  
1,161 
Divestitures (b)
 
(9,908)  
—  
—  
(9,908) 
Foreign currency adjustments
 
—  
(1,269)  
—  
(1,269) 
Balance at December 25, 2022
$ 
55,507 $ 
14,673 $ 
436 $ 
70,616 
Acquisitions (a)
 
1,102  
4,274  
—  
5,376 
Divestitures (b)
 
—  
—  
(436)  
(436) 
Foreign currency adjustments
 
—  
650  
—  
650 
Balance at December 31, 2023
$ 
56,609 $ 
19,597 $ 
— $ 
76,206 
______________________________
(a)
Goodwill from acquisitions for the year 2023 includes $4.3 million from the UK franchisee acquisitions as well as $1.1 million 
related to the Domestic restaurant acquisitions. See “Note 24. Acquisitions” for further information. Goodwill from acquisitions for 
the year 2022 include $1.2 million in 2022, due to acquisitions of two restaurants.
(b)
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company disposed of $0.4 million of goodwill in connection with the sale of our 
Preferred Marketing Solutions business. In conjunction with the refranchising of our 51.0% ownership interest in a 90-restaurant 
consolidated joint venture in Texas during the year ended December 25, 2022, goodwill was allocated to the disposal group based 
on relative fair value within the Domestic Company-owned restaurants reporting group. See “Note 22. Divestitures” for further 
information.
12. Debt
Long-term debt, net consists of the following (in thousands):
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
Senior notes
$ 
400,000 $ 
400,000 
Revolving facilities
 
364,000  
205,000 
Outstanding debt
 
764,000  
605,000 
Unamortized debt issuance costs
 
(6,578)  
(7,931) 
Total long-term debt, net
$ 
757,422 $ 
597,069 
Senior Notes
On September 14, 2021, the Company issued $400.0 million of 3.875% senior notes (the “Notes”) which will mature on 
September 15, 2029. The Notes are guaranteed by each of the Company’s existing and future Domestic restricted 
subsidiaries that are guarantors or borrowers under the Credit Agreement (as defined below) or other certain indebtedness. 
The Notes were offered and sold either to persons reasonably believed to be “qualified institutional buyers” pursuant to 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or to persons outside the United States 
under Regulation S of the Securities Act. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in cash in arrears on March 15 and 
September 15 of each year at a fixed interest rate of 3.875% per annum. In connection with the Notes, the Company 
recorded $7.1 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into Net interest expense over the term of the 
Notes.
The net proceeds from the Notes, together with borrowings under the Credit Agreement (as defined below), were used to 
repay outstanding revolver and term loan borrowings under the Company’s Previous Credit Agreement (as defined below).
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
79

--------------------------------------------------
Page 81:
The Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after September 15, 2024 at established 
redemption prices ranging from 97 to 194 basis points depending on when the Notes are redeemed. At any time prior to 
September 15, 2024, the Company may also redeem up to 40% of the Notes with net cash proceeds of certain equity 
offerings at a redemption price equal to 103.875% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and 
unpaid interest, excluding the redemption date. In addition, at any time prior to September 15, 2024, the Company may 
redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be 
redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest and an applicable “make-whole” premium. The Notes also contain customary 
redemption provisions related to asset sales and certain change of control transactions.
The Indenture governing the Notes contains customary events of default, including, among other things, payment default, 
failure to comply with covenants or agreements contained in the Indenture or the Notes and certain provisions related to 
bankruptcy events. The Indenture also contains customary negative covenants.
Credit Agreement
Concurrently with the issuance of the Notes, the Company entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the 
“Credit Agreement”) replacing the previous credit agreement (“Previous Credit Agreement”). The Credit Agreement 
provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate available principal amount of $600.0 million (the “PJI 
Revolving Facility”), of which up to $40.0 million is available as swingline loans and up to $80.0 million is available as 
letters of credit. The PJI Revolving Facility will mature on September 14, 2026. The Credit Agreement was amended on 
May 30, 2023 to update the borrowing benchmark from LIBOR to SOFR with a fixed credit spread adjustment of 0.10%. 
In connection with the Credit Agreement, the Company recorded $2.1 million of debt issuance costs during the year ended 
December 26, 2021, which are being amortized into Net interest expense over the term of the Credit Agreement. The 
remaining availability under the PJI Revolving Facility was $236.0 million as of December 31, 2023.
Up to $50.0 million of the PJI Revolving Facility may be advanced in certain agreed foreign currencies, including Euros, 
Pounds Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Japanese Yen, and Mexican Pesos. Additionally, the Credit Agreement includes an 
accordion feature allowing for a future increase of the PJI Revolving Facility and/or incremental term loans in an aggregate 
amount of up to $500.0 million, subject to certain conditions, including obtaining commitments from one or more new or 
existing lenders to provide such increased amounts and ongoing compliance with financial covenants. 
Loans under the PJI Revolving Facility accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the Company’s election, either a 
SOFR rate plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00% or a base rate (generally determined according to the greater of a 
prime rate, federal funds rate plus 0.50%, or a SOFR rate plus 1.00%) plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%. In each 
case, the actual margin is determined according to a ratio of the Company’s total indebtedness to an earnings calculation, 
Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement), for the then most recently ended four quarter period (the 
“Leverage Ratio”). An unused commitment fee ranging from 18 to 30 basis points per annum, determined according to the 
Leverage Ratio, applies to the underutilized commitments under the PJI Revolving Facility. Loans outstanding under the 
PJI Revolving Facility may be prepaid at any time without premium or penalty, subject to customary breakage costs in the 
case of borrowings for which a SOFR rate election is in effect.
The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, require customary 
reporting obligations, and restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, the 
consummation of certain mergers, consolidations, sales of assets and similar transactions, the making of investments, 
equity distributions and other restricted payments, and transactions with affiliates. The Company is subject to the following 
financial covenants: (1) a maximum Leverage Ratio of 5.25 to 1.00, subject to the Company’s election to increase the 
maximum Leverage Ratio by 0.50 to 1.00 in connection with material acquisitions if the Company satisfies certain 
requirements, and (2) a minimum interest coverage ratio defined as Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the Credit 
Agreement) plus consolidated rental expense to consolidated interest expense plus consolidated rental expense of 2.00 to 
1.00. We were in compliance with these financial covenants at December 31, 2023.
Obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain direct and indirect material Domestic subsidiaries of the 
Company (the “Guarantors”) and are secured by a security interest in substantially all of the capital stock and equity 
interests of the Company’s and the Guarantors’ Domestic and first tier material foreign subsidiaries. The Credit Agreement 
contains customary events of default including, among other things, payment defaults, breach of covenants, cross 
acceleration to material indebtedness, bankruptcy-related defaults, judgment defaults, and the occurrence of certain change 
of control events. The occurrence of an event of default may result in the termination of the PJI Revolving Facility, 
acceleration of repayment obligations and the exercise of remedies by the Lenders with respect to the Guarantors.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
80

--------------------------------------------------
Page 82:
PJMF Revolving Facility
PJMF has a revolving line of credit (the “PJMF Revolving Facility”) pursuant to a Revolving Loan Agreement, dated 
September 30, 2015 with U.S. Bank National Association, as lender. On September 30, 2023, the Company amended the 
PJMF Revolving Facility to, among other items: (i) extend the maturity date to September 30, 2024; (ii) amend the variable 
interest rate to one-month SOFR plus 1.975%; and (iii) expand the capacity from $20.0 million to $30.0 million.
The PJMF Revolving Facility is secured by substantially all assets of PJMF. The PJMF Revolving Facility matures on 
September 30, 2024, but is subject to annual amendments. The borrowings under the PJMF Revolving Facility accrue 
interest at a variable rate of the one-month SOFR plus 1.975%. There was no debt outstanding under the PJMF Revolving 
Facility as of December 31, 2023 or December 25, 2022. The PJMF operating results and the related debt outstanding do 
not impact the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement.
Derivative Financial Instruments 
On June 23, 2023, the Company entered into a new interest rate swap with an initial notional value of $100.0 million to 
replace the Company’s prior interest swaps, which had a notional value of $125.0 million and matured on April 30, 2023. 
The objective of the interest rate swap is to mitigate the Company’s exposure to the impact of interest rate changes 
associated with our variable rate debt under the PJI Revolving Facility. We have designated the interest rate swap as a cash 
flow hedge and will assess hedge effectiveness at regular intervals through the maturity date of June 30, 2025. The interest 
rate swaps are recorded at fair value at each reporting date, and any unrealized gains or losses are included in Accumulated 
other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and reclassified to Net interest expense in the Consolidated 
Statements of Operations in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affect earnings.
As of December 31, 2023, we have the following interest rate swap agreements with a total notional value of $100.0 
million:
Effective Dates
Floating Rate 
Debt 
Fixed Rates 
June 23, 2023 through June 30, 2025
$ 
50 million
 4.55 %
June 23, 2023 through June 30, 2025
$ 
50 million
 4.55 %
In 2021, our prior interest rate swaps, which matured on April 30, 2023, were de-designated as cash flow hedges following 
the issuance of the Notes and remained undesignated as hedges through June 26, 2022. For these de-designated hedges, the 
portion of gains or losses on the derivative instruments previously recognized in AOCL were reclassified into earnings as 
adjustments to Net interest expense on a straight-line basis over the remaining life of the originally hedged transactions. 
As of June 27, 2022, the interest rate swaps were re-designated as cash flow hedges to provide a hedge against changes in 
variable rate cash flows regarding fluctuations in the LIBOR rate previously utilized under the PJI Revolving Facility. 
Therefore, beginning in the third quarter of 2022 and through the maturity date of April 30, 2023, our prior interest rate 
swaps were accounted for utilizing cash flow hedge accounting treatment.
We recognized income of $1.5 million ($1.1 million after tax), $4.8 million ($3.7 million after tax) and $6.8 million ($5.3 
million after tax) in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in other comprehensive income for the net change in the fair value 
of our interest rate swaps.
The following table provides information on the location and amounts of our swaps in the accompanying Consolidated 
Balance Sheets (in thousands):
Interest Rate Swap Derivatives
Balance Sheet Location
Fair Value
December 31,
2023
Fair Value
December 25,
2022
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
$ 
107 $ 
986 
Other long-term liabilities
$ 
483 $ 
— 
As of December 31, 2023, the portion of the aggregate $0.4 million interest rate swap liability that would be reclassified 
into interest expense during the next twelve months is a benefit of approximately $0.1 million.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
81

--------------------------------------------------
Page 83:
The effect of derivative instruments on the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements is as follows (in thousands):
Derivatives - 
Cash Flow
Hedging
Relationships
Amount of Gain or 
(Loss) Recognized 
in AOCL
on Derivative
Location of (Loss)
or Gain 
Reclassified from 
AOCL into
Income
Amount of (Loss)
or Gain
Reclassified from 
AOCL into
Income
Net Interest Expense
on Consolidated 
Statements of
Operations
Interest rate swaps:
2023
$ 
1,125 
Net interest expense
$ 
173 $ 
(43,469) 
2022
$ 
3,663 
Net interest expense
$ 
(2,384) $ 
(25,261) 
2021
$ 
5,273 
Net interest expense
$ 
(5,965) $ 
(17,293) 
Interest paid, including payments made or received under the swaps, was $37.3 million, $24.4 million and $13.4 million in 
fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
13. Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in thousands):
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
Land 
$ 
28,584 $ 
31,679 
Buildings and improvements
 
91,448  
91,462 
Leasehold improvements
 
154,441  
136,095 
Equipment and other
 
542,608  
498,792 
Construction in progress
 
25,610  
32,265 
Total property and equipment
 
842,691  
790,293 
Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
(559,879)  
(540,500) 
Property and equipment, net
$ 
282,812 $ 
249,793 
14. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):
December 31,
2023
 
December 25,
2022
Marketing
$ 
37,628 $ 
36,858 
Salaries, benefits and bonuses
 
36,491  
21,934 
Insurance reserves, current
 
27,240  
29,676 
Purchases
 
24,198  
13,789 
Interest accrual
 
8,167  
5,235 
Litigation accrual (a)
 
5,000  
15,000 
Other
 
19,443  
20,043 
Total
$ 
158,167 $ 
142,535 
______________________________
(a) 
See “Note 19. Litigation, Commitments and Contingencies” for additional information.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
82

--------------------------------------------------
Page 84:
15. Other Long-term Liabilities
Other long-term liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
Insurance reserves
$ 
29,512 $ 
37,624 
Deferred compensation plan (a)
 
28,342  
28,285 
Other
 
2,338  
2,408 
Total
$ 
60,192 $ 
68,317 
______________________________
(a) 
See “Note 21. Employee Benefit Plans” for additional information on our non-qualified deferred compensation plan.
16. Restructuring
International Restructuring 
In December 2023, the Company announced international transformation initiatives (“International Transformation Plan”) 
designed to evolve our business structure to deliver an enhanced value proposition to our International customers and 
franchisees, ensure targeted investments and efficient resource management, and better position our largest markets, 
including the UK, for long-term profitable growth and brand strength. During the fourth quarter of the year ended 
December 31, 2023, the Company commenced approved initiatives under the International Transformation Plan related to 
establishing new regional hubs across APAC (Asia Pacific), EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa), and Latin America 
that will be led by experienced general managers and their teams.
The Company incurred restructuring related costs of $2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to the 
International Transformation Plan. Restructuring related costs associated with the approved initiatives primarily relate to 
employee severance benefits accounted for under ASC 712, “Compensation - Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits”, 
professional services, recruiting and relocation costs, and stock-based compensation forfeitures on unvested awards. These 
costs were included in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total estimated 
pre-tax costs associated with approved initiatives in 2023 are approximately $3.0 million to $6.0 million, all of which will 
be recorded within our International segment, and we expect to incur the remainder of these costs through 2024.  These 
estimates will be updated as additional initiatives associated with the International Transformation Plan are developed and 
approved. Refer to Note 25. Subsequent Events for further details on initiatives approved by our Board of Directors 
subsequent to December 31, 2023.
The following table summarizes restructuring related costs recorded for the year ended December 31, 2023 (in thousands):
December 31,
2023
Employee severance
$ 
1,522 
Professional services
 
527 
Recruiting
 
150 
Total international transformation costs
 
2,199 
Stock-based compensation forfeitures on unvested awards
 
(21) 
Total international transformation costs, net of stock-based award forfeitures
$ 
2,178 
The following table presents changes in the balance of accrued expenses relating to approved initiatives, which are 
recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands): 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
83

--------------------------------------------------
Page 87:
Significant deferred tax assets (liabilities) follow (in thousands): 
December 31,
2023
December 25,
2022
Accrued liabilities
$ 
12,735 $ 
17,424 
Accrued bonuses
 
2,284  
351 
Other liabilities and asset reserves
 
15,315  
14,607 
Equity awards
 
7,988  
7,905 
Lease liabilities
 
45,550  
45,646 
Other
 
2,825  
2,904 
Net operating losses
 
13,759  
11,738 
Foreign tax credit carryforwards
 
23,888  
20,198 
Total deferred tax assets
 
124,344  
120,773 
Valuation allowances
 
(37,609)  
(32,052) 
Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances
 
86,735  
88,721 
Deferred expenses
 
(5,719)  
(5,756) 
Accelerated depreciation
 
(23,012)  
(31,098) 
Goodwill
 
(7,881)  
(7,690) 
Right-of-use assets
 
(41,513)  
(41,892) 
Other
 
(1,071)  
(365) 
Total deferred tax liabilities
 
(79,196)  
(86,801) 
Net deferred tax assets
$ 
7,539 $ 
1,920 
The following table summarizes changes in the Company’s valuation allowances on deferred tax (in thousands):
Balance at December 26, 2021
$ 
28,598 
Charged to costs and expenses
 
3,454 
Balance at December 25, 2022
$ 
32,052 
Charged to costs and expenses
 
5,470 
Other
 
87 
Balance at December 31, 2023
$ 
37,609 
The Company had approximately $10.3 million and $10.2 million of state deferred tax assets in separate company 
jurisdictions primarily related to state net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, 
respectively. Our ability to utilize these state deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate earnings in future 
years in the respective state jurisdictions. The Company provided a full valuation allowance of $10.3 million and $10.2 
million for these state deferred tax assets as we believe realization based on the more-likely-than-not criteria has not been 
met as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively.
The Company had approximately $3.0 million and $2.0 million of state deferred tax assets related to state income tax credit 
carryforwards as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively. Our ability to fully utilize these deferred tax 
assets related to state income tax credit carryforwards is dependent on our ability to generate earnings in future years in the 
respective state jurisdictions. The Company provided a partial valuation allowance of $0.7 million and $0.5 million against 
these state deferred tax assets at December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively. We believe that a portion of 
these state income tax credit carryforwards would not be realizable before expiration.
The Company had approximately $4.6 million and $2.2 million of foreign net operating loss and capital loss carryovers as 
of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively. The Company had approximately $2.7 million and $1.2 
million of valuation allowances primarily related to the foreign net operating losses, foreign capital losses and foreign 
deferred tax assets at both December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022. A substantial majority of our foreign net operating 
losses do not have an expiration date. 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
86

--------------------------------------------------
Page 88:
In addition, the Company had approximately $23.9 million and $20.2 million in foreign tax credit carryforwards as of 
December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively, that expire ten years from inception in years 2027 through 2033. 
Our ability to utilize these foreign tax credit carryforwards is dependent on our ability to generate foreign earnings in future 
years sufficient to claim foreign tax credits in excess of foreign taxes paid in those years. The Company provided a full 
valuation allowance of $23.9 million and $20.2 million for these foreign tax credit carryforwards as we believe realization 
based on the more-likely-than-not criteria has not been met as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively.
Cash for income taxes paid were $12.5 million in 2023, $11.7 million in 2022 and $32.6 million in 2021.
The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The 
Company, with few exceptions, is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-US income tax examinations by 
tax authorities for years before 2019. The Company is currently undergoing examinations by various tax authorities.
The Company had $1.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2023 which, if recognized, would affect the 
effective tax rate. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending liability for unrecognized tax benefits excluding interest and 
penalties is as follows, which is recorded in Other long-term liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands):
Balance at December 26, 2021
$ 
896 
Additions for tax positions of prior years
 
331 
Reductions for tax positions of prior years
 
(65) 
Balance at December 25, 2022
$ 
1,162 
Additions for tax positions of prior years
 
217 
Reductions for tax positions of prior years
 
(321) 
Balance at December 31, 2023
$ 
1,058 
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense. 
The Company has accrued approximately $0.1 million for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2023 
and December 25, 2022.
18. Related Party Transactions 
Shaquille O’Neal
On March 21, 2019, Shaquille O’Neal was appointed to our Board of Directors. On June 11, 2019, PJMF entered into an 
Endorsement Agreement (the “Original Endorsement Agreement”), effective March 15, 2019, with ABG-Shaq, LLC 
(“ABG-Shaq”), an entity affiliated with Mr. O’Neal, for the personal services of Mr. O’Neal. Pursuant to the Original 
Endorsement Agreement, the Company received the right and license to use Mr. O’Neal’s name, nickname, initials, 
autograph, voice, video or film portrayals, photograph, likeness and certain other intellectual property rights (individually 
and collectively, the “Personality Rights”), in each case, solely as approved by ABG-Shaq, in connection with the 
advertising, promotion and sale of Papa John’s-branded products. Mr. O’Neal also agreed to provide brand ambassador 
services related to appearances, social media and public relations matters, and to collaborate with us to develop one or 
more co-branded products using the Personality Rights. Mr. O’Neal and the Company developed a co-branded extra-large 
pizza product using the Personality Rights under an amendment to the Original Endorsement Agreement signed July 27, 
2020 (the “First Amendment”).
As consideration for the rights and services granted under the Original Endorsement Agreement, the Company agreed to 
pay to ABG-Shaq aggregate cash payments of $4.1 million over the three years of the Original Endorsement Agreement. 
The Company also paid expenses related to the marketing and personal services provided by Mr. O’Neal. In addition, the 
Company agreed to grant 87,136 restricted stock units to Mr. O’Neal (as agent of ABG) under our 2018 Omnibus Incentive 
Plan. 
On July 29, 2021, the Company and PJMF entered into Amendment No. 2 (the “Second Amendment”) to the Original 
Endorsement Agreement with ABG-Shaq. Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company was granted the ability to use 
the Personality Rights for a limited time to promote, advertise, and sell our co-branded extra-large pizza developed under 
the First Amendment. ABG-Shaq did not receive any additional royalty fees from the Company beyond the cash payment 
already contemplated under the Original Endorsement Agreement under the Amendment. In addition, the Company 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
87

--------------------------------------------------
Page 90:
settlement in principle to resolve the case. Pursuant to the terms of the proposed settlement, in exchange for the Company’s 
payment of a total aggregate settlement amount of $5.0 million and other non-monetary consideration, all claims in the 
action will be dismissed, the litigation will be terminated, and the Company will receive a release. The settlement amount 
was recorded in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the first quarter of 
2022 and remained accrued in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of 
December 31, 2023. The proposed settlement is subject to approval by the District Court and contains certain customary 
contingencies. The Company continues to deny any liability or wrongdoing in this matter. 
Commitments and Contingencies
We have certain other commercial commitments where payment is contingent upon the occurrence of certain events. With 
our insurance programs, we are party to surety bonds with off-balance sheet risk for a total of $20.7 million as of 
December 31, 2023. The surety bond arrangements expire within one year but have automatic renewal clauses. These 
arrangements have not had, and are unlikely to have in the future, a material impact on our Consolidated Balance Sheets or 
Consolidated Statements of Operations.
We guarantee leases for certain Papa Johns North American franchisees who have purchased restaurants that were 
previously Company-owned. We are contingently liable on these leases. The leases have varying terms, the latest of which 
expires in 2036. As of December 31, 2023, the estimate maximum amount of undiscounted payments the Company could 
be required to make in the event of nonpayment by the primary lessees was approximately $7.3 million. This contingent 
liability is not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets or our future minimum lease obligations. The fair value of the 
guarantee is not material.
20. Equity Compensation
We award time-based restricted stock, performance-based restricted stock units, and stock options from time to time under 
the Papa John’s International, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan. There were approximately 3.0 million shares of common 
stock authorized for issuance and remaining available under the 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2023, 
which includes 5.9 million shares transferred from the Papa John’s International 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
We recorded stock-based employee compensation expense of $17.9 million in 2023, $18.4 million in 2022 and $16.9 
million in 2021. At December 31, 2023, there was $18.9 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested 
awards, of which the Company expects to recognize $12.4 million in 2024, $5.6 million in 2025 and $0.9 million in 2026.
Stock Options
Options exercised, which were issued from authorized shares, included 43,000 shares in 2023, 82,000 shares in 2022 and 
212,000 shares in 2021. The total intrinsic value of the options exercised during 2023, 2022 and 2021 was $1.2 million, 
$3.4 million and $10.1 million, respectively. 
There were no options granted in 2023, 2022 or 2021. Information pertaining to option activity during 2023 is as follows 
(number of options and aggregate intrinsic value in thousands):
Number
of
Options
Weighted
Average
Exercise
Price
Weighted
Average
Remaining
Contractual
Term
(In Years)
Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value
Outstanding at December 25, 2022
235
$ 
56.53 
Exercised
(43)
 
52.56 
Cancelled
(1)
 
70.96 
Outstanding at December 31, 2023
191
$ 
57.35 
3.60
$ 
3,681 
Exercisable at December 31, 2023
191
$ 
57.35 
3.60
$ 
3,681 
Restricted Stock 
We granted shares of restricted stock that are time-based and generally vest in equal installments over three years (190,000 
in 2023, 165,000 in 2022 and 130,000 in 2021). Upon vesting, the shares are issued from treasury stock. These restricted 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
89

--------------------------------------------------
Page 91:
shares are intended to focus participants on our long-range objectives, while at the same time serving as a retention 
mechanism. We consider time-based restricted stock awards to be participating securities because holders of such shares 
have non-forfeitable dividend rights. We declared dividends totaling $0.5 million ($1.76 per share) in 2023, $0.5 million 
($1.54 per share) in 2022 and $0.4 million ($1.15 per share) in 2021 to holders of time-based restricted stock. 
We granted 14,000, 69,000 and 11,000 restricted stock units that are time-based and vest over a period of one to three years 
in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Upon vesting, the units are issued from treasury stock. Total dividends declared for 
these awards were insignificant to the results of our operations.
Additionally, we granted stock settled performance-based restricted stock units to executive management (80,000 units in 
2023, 64,000 units in 2022, and 61,000 units in 2021). 
The performance-based restricted stock units require the achievement of certain performance and market factors, which 
consist of the Company’s Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) relative to a predetermined peer group. The grant-date fair 
value of the performance-based restricted stock units was determined through the use of a Monte Carlo simulation model.
The following is a summary of the significant assumptions used in estimating the fair value of the performance-based 
restricted stock units granted in 2023, 2022 and 2021:
Assumptions:
2023
2022
2021
Risk-free interest rate
 4.5 %
 1.5 %
 0.2 %
Expected volatility
 38.6 %
 45.0 %
 48.3 %
The risk-free interest rate for the periods within the contractual life of the performance-based restricted stock unit is based 
on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Expected volatility was estimated using the Company’s 
historical share price volatility for a period similar to the expected life of the performance-based restricted stock unit.
The performance-based restricted stock units granted vest over three years (cliff vest) and are expensed over the 
performance period. The weighted average grant-date fair value of performance-based restricted stock units granted during 
2023, 2022 and 2021 was $88.43, $113.90 and $103.14, respectively.
The fair value of time-based restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock units is based on the market price of 
the Company’s shares on the grant date. Information pertaining to these awards during 2023 is as follows (shares in 
thousands):
Shares
Weighted
Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value
Total as of December 25, 2022
518
$ 
91.23 
Granted
283
 
84.13 
Forfeited
(92)
 
95.18 
Vested
(226)
 
75.88 
Total as of December 31, 2023
483
$ 
93.27 
21. Employee Benefit Plans
The Papa John’s International, Inc. 401(k) Plan (the “401(k) Plan”), is a defined contribution benefit plan in accordance 
with Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The 401(k) Plan is open to employees who meet certain eligibility 
requirements and allows participating employees to defer receipt of a portion of their compensation and contribute such 
amount to one or more investment funds. 
In addition, we maintain a non-qualified deferred compensation plan available to certain employees and directors. Under 
this plan, the participants may defer a certain amount of their compensation, which is credited to the participants’ accounts. 
The participant-directed investments associated with this plan are included in Other assets ($29.4 million and $30.1 million 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
90

--------------------------------------------------
Page 92:
at December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022, respectively) and the associated liabilities ($28.3 million at December 31, 
2023 and December 25, 2022) are included in Other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance 
Sheets.
We contributed a matching payment of 4% of a participating employee’s earnings deferred into the 401(k) Plan in 2023 
and 2022. In 2021, we contributed a discretionary matching payment of 4%, up to a maximum of 6% of a participating 
employee’s earnings deferred into both the 401(k) Plan and the non-qualified deferred compensation plan. Such costs were 
$4.3 million in 2023, $4.4 million in 2022 and $3.5 million in 2021.
22. Divestitures
Divestiture of Preferred Marketing Solutions
On October 22, 2023, we sold the operations of Preferred Marketing Solutions, our previously wholly-owned print and 
promotions company, for upfront consideration of $0.6 million as well as a percentage of future revenues to be paid on a 
quarterly basis over the next ten years. In connection with the divestiture, we deconsolidated total net assets of 
approximately $1.2 million, which primarily included property and equipment of $0.6 million and goodwill of $0.4 million 
associated with Preferred Marketing Solutions. There was no gain or loss recognized on the sale, and the impact to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements was not material for the year ended December 31, 2023.
Refranchising Loss
On March 28, 2022, we refranchised our 51.0% ownership interest in a 90-restaurant consolidated joint venture in Texas 
for $14.0 million, net of transaction costs. In connection with the divestiture, we recorded a one-time, non-cash charge of 
$8.4 million in Refranchising and impairment loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, which reflects net sale 
proceeds of $14.0 million, the noncontrolling interest of $4.2 million, and the recognition of an unearned royalty stream of 
$12.2 million to be recognized as revenue over the 10-year term of the franchise agreement executed concurrent with the 
disposition in accordance with ASC 810, “Consolidation.” Goodwill of $9.9 million was allocated to the disposal group 
based on relative fair value within the Domestic Company-owned restaurants reporting group. The $8.4 million of the one-
time, non-cash refranchising loss was recorded in the first quarter of 2022 and realized upon consummation of the sale in 
the second quarter of 2022. 
Impairment of Reacquired Master Franchise Rights
In the first quarter of 2022, the Company recorded an impairment of $2.8 million in Refranchising and impairment loss in 
the Consolidated Statements of Operations for reacquired franchise rights due to the financial and operational impact of the 
conflict in Ukraine and government actions taken in response to that conflict, including, but not limited to, international 
sanctions. The reacquired franchise rights were previously acquired from a former master franchisee and capitalized by the 
Company.
23. Segment Information
We have four reportable segments: Domestic Company-owned restaurants, North America franchising, North America 
commissaries, and International operations. The Domestic Company-owned restaurant segment consists of the operations 
of all Domestic Company-owned restaurants and principally generates revenues from retail sales of pizza, Papadias, and 
side items, including breadsticks, Papa Bites, cheesesticks, boneless chicken wings and bone-in chicken wings, dessert 
items and canned or bottled beverages. The North America franchising segment consists of our franchise sales and support 
activities and derives its revenues from sales of franchise and development rights and collection of royalties from our 
franchisees located in the United States and Canada. The North America commissary segment consists of the operations of 
our regional dough production and product distribution centers and derives its revenues principally from the sale and 
distribution of food and paper products to Domestic Company-owned and franchised restaurants in the United States and 
Canada. The International segment consists of the operations of all Company-owned restaurants located in the UK, as well 
as distribution sales to franchised Papa Johns restaurants located in the UK and our franchise sales and support activities, 
which derive revenues from sales of franchise and development rights and the collection of royalties from our International 
franchisees. International franchisees are defined as all franchise operations outside of the United States and Canada. All 
other business units that do not meet the quantitative thresholds for determining reportable segments, which are not 
operating segments, we refer to as “all other,” which consists of operations that derive revenues from the sale, principally 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
91

--------------------------------------------------
Page 93:
to Company-owned and franchised restaurants, of printing and promotional items, franchise contributions to marketing 
funds and information systems and related services used in restaurant operations, including our point-of-sale system, online 
and other technology-based ordering platforms.
Generally, we evaluate performance and allocate resources based on operating income. Certain administrative and capital 
costs are allocated to segments based upon predetermined rates or estimated resource usage. We account for intercompany 
sales and transfers as if the sales or transfers were to third parties and eliminate the activity in consolidation.
Our reportable segments are business units that provide different products or services. Separate management of each 
segment is required because each business unit is subject to different operational issues and strategies. No single external 
customer accounted for 10% or more of our total revenues. 
The following tables present our segment information.
(In thousands)
2023
2022
2021
Revenues:
Domestic Company-owned restaurants
$ 
726,362 $ 
708,389 $ 
778,323 
North America franchising
 
144,550  
137,399  
129,310 
North America commissaries
 
852,361  
869,634  
761,305 
International
 
182,487  
158,682  
184,099 
All others
 
229,953  
227,999  
215,384 
Total revenues 
$ 
2,135,713 $ 
2,102,103 $ 
2,068,421 
Intersegment revenues:
North America franchising
$ 
4,267 $ 
4,122 $ 
4,179 
North America commissaries
 
210,614  
217,570  
215,393 
All others
 
66,487  
70,283  
75,366 
Total intersegment revenues
$ 
281,368 $ 
291,975 $ 
294,938 
Depreciation and amortization:
Domestic Company-owned restaurants
$ 
14,184 $ 
11,495 $ 
11,728 
North America commissaries
 
16,046  
13,299  
11,974 
International
 
3,167  
1,774  
2,326 
All others
 
15,572  
12,681  
9,928 
Unallocated corporate expenses
 
15,121  
12,783  
12,860 
Total depreciation and amortization
$ 
64,090 $ 
52,032 $ 
48,816 
Operating income:
Domestic Company-owned restaurants (a)
$ 
33,470 $ 
15,966 $ 
49,628 
North America franchising
 
133,800  
127,882  
120,949 
North America commissaries
 
43,316  
42,531  
39,873 
International (b) (c)
 
11,766  
17,891  
34,896 
All others
 
10,116  
10,084  
17,704 
Unallocated corporate expenses (d)
 
(85,353)  
(104,419)  
(94,114) 
Elimination of intersegment losses (profits)
 
27  
(905)  
(695) 
Total operating income
$ 
147,142 $ 
109,030 $ 
168,241 
______________________________
(a) 
Includes a one-time, non-cash charge of $8.4 million associated with the refranchising of the Company’s ownership interest in a 90-
restaurant joint venture, recorded as Refranchising and impairment loss for the year ended December 25, 2022. See “Note 22. 
Divestitures” for additional information.
(b)
For the year ended December 31, 2023, International includes the following: 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
92

--------------------------------------------------
Page 95:
(In thousands)
2023
2022
2021
Property and equipment, net:
Domestic Company-owned restaurants
$ 
257,318 $ 
238,658 $ 
241,050 
North America commissaries
 
161,303  
149,920  
149,218 
International
 
32,083  
16,080  
14,642 
All others
 
138,028  
131,210  
109,052 
Unallocated corporate assets
 
253,959  
254,425  
236,132 
Accumulated depreciation and amortization
 
(559,879)  
(540,500)  
(526,238) 
Property and equipment, net
$ 
282,812 $ 
249,793 $ 
223,856 
Expenditures for property and equipment:
Domestic Company-owned restaurants
$ 
25,016 $ 
23,057 $ 
16,108 
North America commissaries
 
10,654  
5,729  
4,007 
International
 
6,518  
5,175  
1,979 
All others
 
18,664  
18,296  
18,645 
Unallocated corporate
 
15,768  
26,134  
27,820 
Total expenditures for property and equipment
$ 
76,620 $ 
78,391 $ 
68,559 
Disaggregation of Revenue
In the following tables, revenues are disaggregated by major product line. The tables also include a reconciliation of the 
disaggregated revenues by the reportable segment: 
Reportable Segments
(In thousands)
Year Ended December 31, 2023
Major Products/Services Lines
Domestic 
Company-
owned
restaurants
North America 
franchising
North America
commissaries
International
All others
Total
Company-owned restaurant sales
$ 
726,362 $ 
— $ 
— $ 
34,463 $ 
— $ 
760,825 
Franchise royalties and fees
 
—  
148,817  
—  
50,437  
—  
199,254 
Commissary sales
 
—  
—  
1,062,975  
72,287  
—  
1,135,262 
Other revenues
 
—  
—  
—  
25,300  
296,440  
321,740 
Eliminations
 
—  
(4,267)  
(210,614)  
—  
(66,487)  
(281,368) 
Total segment revenues
 
726,362  
144,550  
852,361  
182,487  
229,953  
2,135,713 
International other revenues (a)
 
—  
—  
—  
(25,300)  
25,300  
— 
Total revenues
$ 
726,362 $ 
144,550 $ 
852,361 $ 
157,187 $ 
255,253 $ 
2,135,713 
Reportable Segments
(In thousands)
Year Ended December 25, 2022
Major Products/Services Lines
Domestic 
Company-
owned
restaurants
North America 
franchising
North America
commissaries
International
All others
Total
Company-owned restaurant sales
$ 
708,389 $ 
— $ 
— $ 
— $ 
— $ 
708,389 
Franchise royalties and fees
 
—  
141,521  
—  
49,422  
—  
190,943 
Commissary sales
 
—  
—  
1,087,204  
80,481  
—  
1,167,685 
Other revenues
 
—  
—  
—  
28,779  
298,282  
327,061 
Eliminations
 
—  
(4,122)  
(217,570)  
—  
(70,283)  
(291,975) 
Total segment revenues
 
708,389  
137,399  
869,634  
158,682  
227,999  
2,102,103 
International other revenues (a)
 
—  
—  
—  
(28,779)  
28,779  
— 
Total revenues
$ 
708,389 $ 
137,399 $ 
869,634 $ 
129,903 $ 
256,778 $ 
2,102,103 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
94

--------------------------------------------------
Page 96:
Reportable Segments
(In thousands)
Year Ended December 26, 2021
Major Products/Services Lines
Domestic 
Company-
owned
restaurants
North America 
franchising
North America
commissaries
International
All others
Total
Company-owned restaurant sales
$ 
778,323 $ 
— $ 
— $ 
— $ 
— $ 
778,323 
Franchise royalties and fees
 
—  
133,489  
—  
53,148  
—  
186,637 
Commissary sales
 
—  
—  
976,698  
97,623  
—  
1,074,321 
Other revenues
 
—  
—  
—  
33,328  
290,750  
324,078 
Eliminations
 
—  
(4,179)  
(215,393)  
—  
(75,366)  
(294,938) 
Total segment revenues
 
778,323  
129,310  
761,305  
184,099  
215,384  
2,068,421 
International other revenues (a)
 
—  
—  
—  
(33,328)  
33,328  
— 
Total revenues
$ 
778,323 $ 
129,310 $ 
761,305 $ 
150,771 $ 
248,712 $ 
2,068,421 
______________________________
(a) 
Other revenues as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations include $25.3 million, $28.8 million and $33.3 million of 
revenue for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022, and December 26, 2021 respectively, that are part of the 
International reporting segment. These amounts include marketing fund contributions and sublease rental income from International 
franchisees in the UK that provide no significant contribution to income before income taxes but must be reported on a gross basis 
under accounting requirements. The related expenses for these Other revenues are reported in Other expenses in the Consolidated 
Statements of Operations.
24. Acquisitions
UK Franchisee Acquisitions
As part of our investment to reposition our UK business, in 2023 we acquired a portfolio of Company-owned restaurants in 
the UK market that were previously franchised. Our control and ownership of this portfolio enables us to implement 
operating model enhancements in the restaurants including revenue management capabilities, product and technological 
innovation and operational efficiencies to improve sales and restaurant-level profitability, and to drive initiatives for future 
growth and profitability in the Company’s largest market outside of North America. As part of this investment, the 
Company acquired 91 Papa Johns restaurants previously operated by the M25 division of Drake Food Service International 
in the United Kingdom on June 2, 2023 for total consideration of approximately $13.7 million. The Company acquired an 
additional 27 Papa Johns restaurants in the United Kingdom in the third quarter of 2023 for total consideration of 
approximately $1.5 million. Collectively, we refer to these acquisitions as the “UK franchisee acquisitions.”
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company incurred $2.1 million of acquisition and transition costs related to 
the UK franchisee acquisitions. These expenses were recorded within General and administrative expenses and within the 
International segment in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The results of operations of the acquired restaurants 
after their respective acquisition dates are included within the International segment in the Company’s Consolidated 
Statements of Operations. The impact of the acquisitions was not material to the Company’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
The UK franchisee acquisitions have been accounted for as business combinations. As such, the Company concluded that 
the consideration was measured at fair value and has recorded the preliminary estimated fair value of the assets acquired 
and liabilities assumed as of the respective acquisition dates. Total consideration was approximately $15.2 million, of 
which $13.7 million was pre-existing accounts receivable and notes receivable and is classified as a noncash investing 
transaction within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2023. Assets acquired 
include approximately $10.6 million of property and equipment, net, $0.3 million of inventories and other assets and $4.3 
million of goodwill. No measurement period adjustments related to the UK franchisee acquisitions have been recorded 
during the year ended December 31, 2023
The total goodwill recognized in conjunction with the UK franchisee acquisitions, all of which is expected to be deductible 
for tax purposes, has been assigned to the International operating segment. The purchase price exceeded the fair value of 
the net assets acquired, which resulted in the recognition of goodwill, primarily due to synergies created from expected 
future benefits stemming from implementation of the Company’s operational capabilities and further control of the 
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
95

--------------------------------------------------
Page 97:
Company’s brand name in our most prominent international market. Goodwill also includes certain other benefits that do 
not qualify for recognition as intangible assets, such as an assembled workforce.
Domestic Acquisitions
During the year ended December 31, 2023, we acquired ten Domestic restaurants for a total purchase price of $4.1 million, 
which was classified as cash used in investing activities within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The impact of 
the acquisitions was not material to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Acquired assets recorded within the 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 primarily included restaurant property and equipment of $1.6 
million, reacquired franchise rights of $1.3 million, and goodwill of $1.1 million. These amounts include measurement 
period adjustments to increase property and equipment and reduce reacquired franchise rights by $0.2 million, which were 
recorded during the fourth quarter of 2023.
The amounts recorded as a result of our preliminary acquisition accounting for the UK franchisee acquisitions and 
Domestic acquisitions are subject to change and further refinement. The Company is finalizing its valuation of acquired 
property and equipment as well as gathering and assessing information regarding leases and other assets. The Company 
expects all outstanding items to be finalized prior to the one-year anniversary date of the respective acquisitions.
25. Subsequent Events
In February 2024, as the next phase of the International Transformation Plan discussed in Note 16, “Restructuring,” the 
Board of Directors approved a plan to close approximately 50 underperforming Company-owned restaurants in the United 
Kingdom during the first six months of 2024. The purpose of this plan is to optimize the Company's restaurant portfolio in 
the UK and improve overall profitability by closing unprofitable locations and allowing us to focus on improving 
profitability across our remaining portfolio of Company-owned restaurants and franchisee base in the UK.
As a result of this decision, the Company expects to incur restructuring charges of approximately $10.0 million to $15.0 
million, which will be recognized during 2024 within our International segment. These charges are expected to primarily 
consist of lease right-of-use asset and fixed asset impairment charges, employee severance, and other related expenses. The 
estimated range of restructuring charges is based on management's best estimate at the time of this filing and is subject to 
change as additional information becomes available. The actual charges may differ from the estimates due to various 
factors, including the evaluation of our ability to sublease the closed restaurant properties and the number of employees 
affected by the restaurant closures.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
96

--------------------------------------------------
Page 101:
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence appearing under the 
captions “Corporate Governance” and “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” is incorporated by reference from 
the Company’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
Information regarding principal accounting fees and services appearing under the caption “Item 2. Ratification of the 
Selection of Independent Auditors” is incorporated by reference from the Company’s definitive proxy statement, which 
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered 
by this Report.
PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
(a)(1)
Financial Statements:
The following Consolidated Financial Statements, notes related thereto and reports of independent auditors are included in 
Item 8 of this Report:
•
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42)
•
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2023 and December 25, 2022 
•
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022, and 
December 26, 2021
•
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 
and December 26, 2021
•
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and 
December 26, 2021
•
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023, December 25, 2022 and 
December 26, 2021 
•
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules:
All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulation of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted.
(a)(3)
Exhibits:
The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index are filed as part of this Form 10-K.
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
100

--------------------------------------------------
Page 104:
32.2**
Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted 
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
97.1**
Compensation Clawback Policy
101
Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Papa John’s International, Inc. for the year 
ended December 31, 2023, filed on February 29, 2024 formatted in inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of 
Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit, (v) the Consolidated 
Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).
Exhibit
Number
Description of Exhibit
_______________________________________________________
* Compensatory plan required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(c) of Form 10-K.
** Filed herewith.
Item 16. Summary
None
Table of Contents  
 
 
 
 
 
 
103

--------------------------------------------------
